mr hoagie is an institution . walking in , it doe seem like a throwback to 30 year ago , old fashioned menu board , booth out of the 70 , and a large selection of food . their speciality is the italian hoagie , and it is voted the best in the area year after year . i usually order the burger , while the patty are obviously cooked from frozen , all of the other ingredient are very fresh . overall , it a good alternative to subway , which is down the road .
excellent food . superb customer service . i miss the mario machine they used to have , but it is still a great place steeped in tradition .
yes this place is a little out dated and not opened on the weekend . but other than that the staff is always pleasant and fast to make your order . which is always spot on fresh veggie on their hoggies and other food . they also have daily special and ice cream which is really good . i had a banana split they piled the topping on . they win pennysaver award ever year i see why .
pro : italian hoagie wa delicious . friendly counter employee . the restaurant wa clean and neat . con : the pizza wa not good . pre-formed crust , not fresh dough . the price of the failure of a pizza wa not cheap either . i guess the name say it all . get the hoagie , pas on the pizza .
first the only reason this place could possibly win best hoagie is because there is no competition . two hoagy and a side of onion ring cost $ 25.74so i am thinking with the reader choice award and $ 10 per 12 '' hoagie these will be awesome . i wa sadly mistaken . the only reason i did not give one star is because is the bread & dressing is fairly decent . so on to the hoagy , the italian is general run of the mill . minimal meat and a ton of shredded lettuce . you get more meat at subway . nothing really special & not worthy of the $ 10 price tag . second , the steak hoagie , it is atrocious . no cheese ? ! ? ! ? you have to add cheese for $ 1 so now the steak hoagie is $ 11 . that ha so little amount of meat that i thought i wa eating a lettuce & onion hoagie . i am thoroughly disappointed with this hoagie , possibly the worst value of a hoagie i have ever eaten . i am not say eating at subway is any better , but for the huge price difference you are better off doing so . check out pasquales down the road , better hoagie & price .
normally , i do not do review of an establishment unless the rating is exceptionally great or exceptionally bad . if i had not felt sucker punched and mugged after i left mr. hoagie , i would not be writing this bad review . on my first and last trip there , i paid $ 24.59 for two whole hoagy . 1 ) the italian ( ordered because the woman ( she ) working there told me it wa their most popular hoagie ) i ordered with lettuce and onion ( no tomato , italian dressing which all come free with the hoagie ) . i had to pay $ 1 to add cheese to the hoagie . because i wa traveling and would not be eating the hoagie right away , i asked for the italian on the side . she told me there wa a charge for the dressing on the side . i passed on that on principle . are you kidding me ? i just saved her money by declining the tomato . i wa not going to pay for the dressing on the side . at this point , i am certain something is not right and this place appears to me to be in financial trouble . that pale in comparison to what happened next . i opened the hoagie and there were three microscopically thin slice of meat on this hoagie . ham , salami , and bologna . bologna ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? who in the hell put disgusting bologna on an italian hoagie ? that disqualifies that hoagie a an italian . the red flag indicating this place is in financial trouble are blinding my view . one area of this hoagie only had one slice of bologna , no ham and no salami.2 ) the steak hoagie came with nothing on it but lettuce , tomato , onion , and dressing . i ordered it without lettuce , tomato , onion , or dressing . i asked for mayo on the side . i had to pay for that so i declined . are you kidding me ? i just saved them money by passing on the lettuce , tomato , fresh onion , and dressing ! i paid $ 3 to add sautéed mushroom , onion , and cheese . here we go again . canned mushroom that were not even cooked through ( were still cold ) and onion that were still crunchy/undercooked . news flash : you need to serve fresh mushroom that have been sautéed ( canned mushroom are another sign this place is in financial trouble ) . i literally had to open the hoagie to find the steak because i could not taste or see it . the hoagie wa 50 % mushroom , 30 % onion , 10 % cheese and 10 % steak.i could have personally made 10 whole hoagy with substantial quality ingredient and topping for the $ 24.59 i paid for these two whole hoagy . i intentionally patronize non-chain restaurant to support small business . in this case , never . again . ( the hoagie bun wa better than average . ) wake up or you are going to lose your business .
i like this place a lot . it is a good toasted hoagie.i actually do not like a my bun exploding with meat , but a a previous poster mentioned if you do maybe you would not like this place.the inside badly need updated though . the staff is friendly .
all the food is great here . but the best thing they have is their wing . their wing are simply fantastic ! ! the `` wet cajun '' are by the best & most popular . i also like the seasoned salt wing . wing night is monday & wednesday night , $ 0.75 whole wing ! the dining area is nice . very family friendly ! the bar is very nice is well . this place is truly a yinzer is dream ! ! `` pittsburgh dad '' would love this place n'at ! !
we checked this place out this past monday for their wing night . we have heard that their wing are great and decided it wa finally time to check it out . their wing are whole wing and crispy , which is a nice change of pace . i got their wet cajun sauce and garlic butter wing . the cajun did not have a bold enough flavor for me and their sauce is too thin . the sauce wa also thin for the garlic butter , but that is more expected . they were better than average , but i do not like seeing all the sauce resting at the bottom of the boat . i would definitely come try this place out again to sample some of the other item on the menu , but this will probably not become a regular stop for wing anytime soon .
wing sauce is like water . pretty much a lot of butter and some hot sauce ( frank red hot maybe ) . the whole wing are good size and crispy , but for $ 1 a wing the sauce could be better . the hot and extra hot are about the same flavor/heat . the fish sandwich is good and is a large portion , side are decent .
cold cheap beer . good bar food . good service . looking for a great pittsburgh style fish sandwich , this is the place to go . the breading is light , fish is more than plentiful and a good side of home cut fry . good grilled chicken salad or steak . soup of day is homemade and lot of special . great place for lunch or bar snack and beer .
possibly the most overhyped establishment in allegheny county . if you are not a regular , you will be ignored by those who are tending bar . beer selection is okay , the price are good and the service is terrible . i would go here , but only if it wa someone else is idea .
decent range somewhat close to the city . the mat are pretty solid ; however , the grass range need to be tended too . it is like hitting out of u open type rough ... not very amenable to practicing . which kind of defeat the purpose of going to a golf range ... still get 3 star because the range is lit up at night which is excellent for those of u who are addicted to this amazing game , but are somewhat short on time ( having a job kinda suck sometimes , no ? ) .
owning a driving range inside the city limit is like a license to print money . i do not think i ask much out of a driving range . decent mat , clean ball and accessible hour . hell you need even le people now with the advent of the machine that dole out the ball . this place ha none of them . it is april and there are no grass tee yet . btw they opened for the season this week although it ha been golfing weather for a month . the mat look like the carpet at my 107 year old aunt irene is house . worn and thread bare . let is talk about the hour . this place is equipped with light yet they only sell bucket of ball until 730 . it is still light out . finally let you have the pit to hit into . when i arrived i wa not sure if this wa a driving range or an excavation site for a mastodon or a strip mining operation . there is no grass on the range . just mud . make it a good tool to figure out how far you actually are hitting the ball . oh , they are cash only also.bottom line , this place suck . the best hope is that the owner sell it to someone that actually want to make money and service golfer in pittsburgh .
this place is absolute garbage ... half of the tee are not available , including all the grass tee . it is cash only , and they sell the last bucket at 8 , despite having light . and if you finish even a minute after 8 , do not plan on getting a drink . the vending machine are sold out ( of course ) and they sell drink inside , but close the drawer at 8 on the dot . there are weed grown all over the place . i noticed some sort of batting cage , but it look like those are out of order a well . someone should buy this place and turn it into what it should be .
before i finally made it over to this range i heard the same thing from most people - it is just fine to go work on your swing . i had such a low expectation i wa pleasantly surprised . it is a fairly big range - if you are familiar with scally is in moon , it seems like it ha almost a many tee , though it not nearly a nice a facility . the guy in the pro shop were two of the friendlier guy i have come across at range or at course . yard were indeed marked and there are some target to aim for , and even some hazard to aim away from . a big red flag to me wa the extra charge ( $ 3 ) to hit off the grass . i am no range expert , but this is the 4th one i have been to and the first i have seen of that sort of nickel and diming ... .price for the golf ball wa reasonable and i do plan to be back every week until they close up in october for the season . hopefully , since it for sale , it will reopen a a golf facility again .
i drove by yesterday to get a sneak peak . it re-opens on july 14th and i can not wait to take my kid . the new range look amazing . the entire range appears to be turf , which may or many not help your game , but it look really nice . the tee box look state of the art and the club house look like something you will see on a newer course . can not wait to experience it !
this place wa delicious ! ! my parent saw a recommendation to visit this place from rick sebak is `` 25 thing i like about pittsburgh '' and he is usually pretty accurate . his recommendation were to try the reuben , fish sandwich and open-faced steak sandwich . we went early afternoon for a late lunch today ( a saturday ) and were seated right away . the staff is extremely friendly . my mom & i each had the fish sandwich , while my dad & brother had a reuben sandwich . the fish wa very good , but the reuben wa to die for ! both dish were massive , and could very easily be shared between two people . on top of being extremely large portion , it wa incredibly affordable . the giant fish sandwich wa $ 8 and the giant reuben wa $ 7.50 . our drink were always filled and we were checked on several time during the meal . we will definitely be back ! ! ! oh and a bit of advice ahead of time - they take cash only . so come prepared , but i am pretty sure i saw an atm there a well . and i do believe they are closed on sunday & monday .
can not miss stop for the best fish sandwich in pittsburgh .
this place should have a lot more review - but i am glad it doe not , they do not need to get any busier.its been there age , and look it . if you are all about ambiance , do not bother . if you pretend you are in a movie set in pittsburgh 30 year ago it work pretty well . the service is sometimes hit or miss . most of girl are good , one is very slow , one is amazing . they are all friendly and usually a few different people will check in to make sure that you are happy . everything is made fresh so be prepared that nothing come flying out of that kitchen - busy time it can take a good while to get food . the food is awesome ! worth any little complaint i might think up before it get there . once it on the table , i forget them all.-fish sandwiich-salmon ( huge and delicious ) -flounder-shrimp a few way ( `` norfolk '' style is oily for my taste , and i never had it growing up in norfolk . ) -hawkins st special-prime rib ( sized for two , watch it ) the price are low , the portion are large , and just about everything on the menu is delicious . i am not one to pick a place because they give you a lot of food , but if you like a good value and do not want to compromise on taste , this place is a gem .
this place wa very good . i found out about emil is when watching a show called `` 25 thing i love about pittsburgh '' on wqed hosted by rick seback . this place ai not a luxurious restaurant ... it is a beer & a shot bar / lounge . but the people are friendly & the food is good . i had the fish sandwich which wa great . it ai not in a great part of town , rankin , but i have been in worse place ! ! try this place .
old school ... ..traditional `` mom 'n pop '' quality and perfection . the best fish and chip you will ever enjoy and equally superb fried shrimp . a great out of the way , non-corporate , vestige of americana . you will love it .
seen this restaurant on 25 best place in pittsburgh with rick sebackack . went there with my girlfriend she grew up with the owner . she is very nice all employee are super nice service wa excellent i had the fish sandwich my girlfriend had the ruben more than you could possibly eat very reasonable price . going back to try the burger i heard there enormous and very tasty .
wonderful reuben . map shown on yelp page is incorrect . it is actually a different hawkins . i will recommend a call for direction 412-271-9911 .
good fish sandwich .
after a morning of thrift store hunting , a friend and i were thinking of lunch , and he suggested emil is after he will seen chris sebak do a bit on it and had tried it a time or two before , and i had not . he said they had a decent reuben , but to be prepared to step back in time.well , seeing a how i am kind of addicted to late 40 is and early 50 is , and the whole rat pack scene , stepping back in time is a welcomed change in da burgh ... a long a it doe not involve 1979 , which i can see all around me every day.and yet another shot at finding a decent reuben in da burgh ... well , that is like hunting the holy grail . so looking under one more bush certainly would not hurt.so off we go right at lunchtime in the middle of ... where exactly were we ? at first i thought we were lost , driving around a handful of very rather dismal looking block in what looked like a neighborhood that had been blighted by the building of a highway . and then ... aha ! here it is ! and yep , there it wa . this little unassuming building with an add-on entrance with what looked like a very old hand painted sign stating quite simply 'emil is . we walked in the front door , and entered another world . another time , and another place . oh , and any big burrito/sousa foodie might a well stop reading now . i would not want to see you walk in , roll your eye and say 'reaaaaaalllly ? 'this is about a old world bar/lounge/restaurant a it get . plain , with a dark wood bar on one side , plain white wall with no yinzer pic , good sturdy chair and actual white linen on the table . this is the kind of neighborhood dive that i could see frank and dino pulling a few table together for some poker , a fish sammich , and some cheap scotch . and that is exactly what i love.oh ... but good food count too . we each had a reuben , and my friend had a side of fry . the reuben were decent , but not ny awesome . a little too thick on the bread , but overall , tasty and definitely filling . not too skimpy on the meat . i seriously crave a true , good ny reuben , but since i can not afford to travel right now , what i find in da burgh will have to do . but a we sat and ate , burger came out to an adjoining table . those were some big thick burger . a steak went past for the table behind u . that wa huge ! and when we asked about it , the waitress said 'yeah , it is huge and really good , and he only charge $ 12.99 for it , ai not that nut ? ' another table of five came in , and wham . fish sandwich piled with breaded fish that looked amazing . yeah , i want that , that , that and that ! my friend also mentioned that they have a chicken parm special one day of the week that is only served until 4 pm , and that it is fantastic . if only i could get there on that week day before 4 ... the waitress did a good job , especially since there wa quite a growing crowd at lunchtime on a saturday , and only one of her . she kept up and wa very friendly . they only have pepsi product , so i had a brewed iced tea , which wa very fresh , and she did pop by to ask about refill a often a she could . a the lunch hour went on , they were getting busy.emil is is no frill , good portion , very reasonable price , very comfortable neighborhood hole in the wall ... kind of like cheer , but in a blue collar neighborhood in the 1950 is . fan-freakin-tastic ! i could feel at home here.you definitely want to hit mapquest or plug in your gps though . i am not sure that i could find it again on my own ... it really is a hidden gem . i will be making my friend take me back until i can memorize where the heck it is.addendum : 2nd visit for the fish sandwich . excellent . truly . a pound of fish on a fish-shaped bun ( a opposed to da burgh is seemingly popular hamburger bun ) . the fish wa flavorful , the batter excellent , and for just $ 8 . this may have been the best fish sandwich i have yet to have in da burgh .
this is a hidden gem , no really . it took u forever to find but well worth it . it is right across the street from the rankin police station . the menu ha a wide selection , i really could not decide what i wanted but i went with the ribeye sandwich . i am glad i did too . huge sandwich ! i added mushroom , it wa very flavorful . my boyfriend got the fish sandwich , he enjoyed it a well . fast and friendly service . will definitely be back .
from reading the other review , i see this place wa on some top 25 place in pittsburgh list a few year ago . i have not seen it myself , but have known of this place for a while before my first visit in 2013 . it wa not until my almost 80yo buddy , mr. italo donatucci ( world is coolest old italian dude ) brought me one of the best fish sandwich i ever had that i became hooked ! i have had at least 10 since then , but only during the lent season . i gave my 5 rating based on the fish sandwich alone . try it without a bun also ! either way you get 3 nice size piece of fish equal to a pound . you can have your choice of side , but i always get the small mac n cheese for my side . the staff is always really friendly and service is prompt . it is in a rough neighborhood , but the rankin police station is right across the street . almost every visit there i have seen police officer inside mingling with the local or picking up lunch order . soon i plan to make a visit that is not a friday during lent to try other menu item .
another divey place we have been going to for year . my dad is favorite , a he know the original owner . certain item on the menu are named after the kid . huge portion , might have a bit of a wait some night . huge burger , fish sandwich , salad . decent service .
love my hometown favorite . can not beat their fish sandwich ( although i do miss the bun a opposed to the sliced bread ... stop that ) . always will support emil'sother favorite include reuben , hawkins avenue sandwich , chrissy club .
emil is is a great place to eat ! the price are very reasonable , the portion are huge and everything i have ever ordered ha been tasty and well prepared . the people who work there are so friendly , a are the customer who eat there . ample free parking make it easy to go there . i did not worry about the area- the police station is right across the street . do not leave the burgh without having ( 1 ) their fish sandwich , and ( 2 ) their reuben . you will be glad you ate there !
i love everything about this place . the food is delicious ( yes yes , the fish sandwich , ok , i agree -- but did you try the meatball ? ? holy tamoley ) , i adore the staff , and i love that there are no window -- it is it own little hermetically sealed 1950s world of delicious , real food and good people . lot of place try to create this kind of ambiance , but it can not be manufactured . it take decade of good food and good vibes.also , the food is really good . : )
i had a hankering for some fried fish tonight and the fish fry at maximilian kolbe wa going to close before i got home on the bus , and i suggested to my wife and 12 year-old daughter that we try emil is lounge a wqed is rick seback loved the place a did andrew zimmern when he visited for the bizarre food america episode featuring pittsburgh . the place is in rankin - a rough around the edge town in the mon valley between swissvale and braddock . do not be put off at first - the outside doe not have much decoration to speak of and look like the sort of place that you might think twice about it . a tgi friday it is not ... and thank god for that.the place is well-kept but a little dated - no frippery here . but we are not here for the decor - we are here for some dinner . the menu is basic with reasonable price . the meat and seafood are high quality and everything is made to order . their stuffed cabbage is regarded a the best in pittsburgh . i love stuffed cabbage but i just made a batch a couple of week ago and i am cabbaged out . their ruebens are also killer ( our waitress raved about them ) . my wife and i both settled on fish sandwich . these are true pittsburgh fish sammiches - fresh fried fish in crispy breading , crammed between enormous pillow of soft , yet chewy and crispy mancini is italian bread . no adornment - just a boatload of hot crispy fish . emil is us thick cod fillet piled high rather than a thin fillet that need to be broken up to fit in the bun . truly a great sandwich . my daughter had the blt - looked good and on good bread and they were not skimpy with the bacon.the service wa very pleasant and friendly and the crowd wa a great group of folk . we all had fun with 4 other table when my wife pulled up a trivial pursuit game on her iphone and pretty much everyone joined in and had a good laugh.overall , if you consider yourself a true pittsburgher - you must visit this place . it is one of the few place ( big jim is in the run is another ) where the spirit of pittsburgh is alive and hungry . please go .
we have been coming here for over 30 year , consistantly good food and friendly staff . vwey reasonably priced and large portion . the owner , chrissy ha taken what emil started year ago and built it into a place we will return to again and again . favorite are the fish and burger , hard to pick one !
we had gone to the frick mansion for a tour and i told my friend we were stopping off for a lunch in rankin . there wa not much enthusiasm about the location but the reluctantly agreed . we stopped in front and my wife said we are not going in there are we ? well once the order the food and enjoyed the best reuben , fish sandwich and stuffed pepper they were sold . the owner came over and thanked u for stopping . she is a real asset to the place . the restroom were spotless , which important to my wife . i have taken place where she had to hover over the commode . i went back two day later for the hulushki . a real gem a perfect place to eat real comfort food . do not forget the liver and onion .
excellent fish sandwich , wonderful reuben sandwich , even the stuffed cabbage taste homemade . chrissy is a delightful hostess and make you feel welcome . restaurant personnel are pleasant . i really enjoy visiting emils when i am in town my only regret is that they are closed monday . worth the trip
i wouldnt say the best fish sandwich ive ever had ... definitely a huge portion but rather bland and nothing special . very nice people and good service but i would largely disagree with most of the review here . atmosphere wa quite drab , classic western pa corner bar but no window , poorly lit , and overall fairly dismal ... . clientele seemed to be on death door , missing limb and morbidly obese . fry were frozen and under cooked . meatball were dry and bland a well . i had high hope but left feeling disappointed , defeated , bloated and like i had swallowed the entire rustbelt in one bite ...
this is my fourth time but my first review . it never disappoints ! always home cooking , old school like grandma is house . do not expect ambiance , but if you are hungry and want nice wait staff , ( usually family ) squeaky clean , great value and generous portions-way more than i can ever finish , emil is is your place.tonight i had a cup of the chicken dumpling soup that wa sooooo good ! very obviously home made . i had a side of onion ring that were perfectly cooked , which doe not sound fancy , but i still could not finish . my husband had the chicken parm . thursday is italian night . it came with a huge salad , very fresh , an entire loaf of italian bread , and a generous portion of nicely crisped and tender chicken breast . added to that , a side helping of ziti . my husband enjoyed it very much , the chicken wa perfectly cooked . i am a sauce snob , italian , allergic to with an aversion to green pepper . to me , there wa just a hint of green pepper in the sauce so i probably would avoid anything with red sauce at emil is but that is just my quirk . i have had the stuffed cabbage there , the fried fish , ruebens , burger - all wonderful ! emil wa and his family is of serbian decent . food is love . we love emils !
i remember the old man 20 year ago eating a giant size hamburger used asked me question i miss those day food there is spectacular the fish is to die at four if you never been there just put it on your schedule of your thing to do and i promise you you will not be sorry .
great food & service every visit . they do so many thing right there especially taking care of the customer . i have always received a hello , a follow up on my food , a thank you and then a good bye . some many restaurant get away from these simple step of service . i am glad emil is ha not .
this is our second time here in two week . we have always liked emil is , but just have not been out this way lately . this is now going to change . last week we had the wonderful fish - it ha always been good . last week we stopped on a tuesday after golf . the bartender recommended the special of the day - the chicken romano with garlic and olive oil pasta . it wa truly outstanding ! i can not wait to go back and have it again ! the homemade tomato soup with asiago cheese wa delicious a well . thanks chef tony !
chicken romano ( yes , again - it is that good ) . my husband had the shrimp stuffed with crab - wow ! love , love ! thanks kk , great suggestion !
i like this course . it is always very well maintained . the cart are in excellent shape , all electric and all equipped with gps . the green fee are extremely reasonable and many of the hole are challenging , even if you are a better golfer . it truly ha a grand view up and down the mon , from the triangle and the cathedral of learning to braddock , the edgar thompson work , kennywood and beyond . yet , when you go a few more foot on the cart path , you are in the wood , alone with the abundant wildlife . one caveat- bring an abundant supply of ball . if you golf like i do , one sleeve will not be enough !
2nd time playing here . wa in the area for a bowling tournament so a group of u decided to come early and get a round of golf in . the course is hilly and challenging with readable and fairly flat green . but , a the name suggests , what a grand view of both the course a well a the surrounding area . cart are in excellent shape and provide you with electronic scoring and course gps . the folk here take pride in their course and take very good care of it .
challenging but fun course ! bring plenty of extra ball , i am a novice and lost at least 5 . cart are in great condition and remind you to stay on the cart path ( sometimes annoying when looking for ball but safety first ) and guide you to the next hole . the pro wa very nice and patient with our group a we had to delay teeing off for an hour due to parkway closure . driving range is nothing to write home about but get the job done for warming up . beautiful view and lot of variety of length and layout of hole . i will definitely be back !
this would be my local haunt , if i were ever to relocate to the pittsburgh area . what a great little place ! such friendly staff , and some damn good eats ! it wa so great , that we actually went there twice during our 4-day vacation to catch the steelers/ravens game . they have daily sandwich special . on thursday night we went and had the special roast beef and cheese sand. , and the .35 cent wing . very , very tasty . i am sorry , but this place kick primanti bros. butt on the taste factor . they have about 8 different type of wing ... reg. , garlic , and i can not remember the rest - we got the regular , and i wa wishing we would had ordered more.going back on a friday night , we ordered the buffalo chicken pizza and a pepperoni n ' mushroom . wow ! that buffalo chicken pizza wa awesome.the other thing that stuck out for me wa one of the customer . an older gentleman ; he seemed to be a regular . i really , really wanted his spam t-shirt .
a great townie bar with tasty food and an interesting clientele . i went to check this place out on the way home from the airport one friday night and it did not disappoint . it is refreshing to walk into a townie bar and not feel like the music stop and everyone in the place is staring at you - i am guessing the mixed crowd of older hockey fan , young men in collared shirt , and thirtysomethings have probably seen it all during their time at this place . the staff wa top notch - the order were somewhat overwhelming a they appeared short-staffed for the night , but my waitress tried to keep a positive attitude for my entire visit . the other waiter wa wearing a hooded cardigan , and i wanted to steal it from him due to my difficulty in finding such a quality article of clothing.we ordered a white pizza - large in size , engulfed in cheese , full of garlic flavor , flavorful hot sausage . an overall delicious pizza , aside from 2 thing : 1 , way too much grease ( i know this come with the territory , but still , it is sometimes unbearable ) ; 2 , canned mushroom - the worst thing to come out of a can . ever . i would rather eat canned alpo than canned mushroom . and if the mushroom were not canned , they were just the worst mushroom i have ever consumed . the mushroom debacle is enough to lower the review by an entire star - disgusting ! my advice for the place is keep everything awesome - random music from the jukebox , tasty food , great price , good crowd and staff - and get some decent mushroom ; why they spoil an otherwise above average pie with such inferior crap , i will never know .
alexion is ha been around forever . the first time i went in there , i wa 19 year old on summer break from college and working at the ice cream factory up the hill . all of the union guy from the ice cream factory went in there after work , and i immediately found out why . many , many year later , i stopped in there with some fond memory , and once again felt welcomed and valued a a customer , even though they did not know who i wa . the sandwich are done pittsburgh-style , sort of like primanti is , and they are a perfect today a they were back in ancient time when i first started visiting the place . alexion is is a clean and peaceful little place in the rook station part of green tree , the oldest part of the town . i recall that some of the sandwich i got there were ordered at a pretty late hour . nothing but good thing to say about the place , and i wish it wa closer to home !
good for cheap drink and wing , they offer daily special which is nice . doesnt look like much from outside but the inside is friendly enough , the bartender have been there for awhile and do a good job . dont expect to have a huge selection of alcohol . their wing are good a are their salad . if you are gluten free this is not your place ... lot of fried food and sandwich . offer a quick lunch .
what a cool bar/restaurant.. i will no doubt be visiting again . the service and price were great.. and the restroom were clean . i had the buffalo chicken sandwich and it wa delicious . the menu consists of typical bar food food , however ; there a few different item on there which stand out on the menu..a cool bar off the beaten path that is a worth a trip . cheer ! !
awesome drink special during happy hour . fantastic wing that are crispy and delicious , wing night on tuesday and thursday !
good beer selection . understaffed for a light monday night crowd , it wa not her fault she wa the only server . but it took about an hour to get our sandwich . mine wa one of the best reuben i have ever had .
grew up near here . the family would always go once a month . have not stopped in for a few year until last friday with a few friend to grab a drink . the sandwich are always amazing just a i remember . the staff is amazing and friendly . great place for lunch a well .
very disappointed in the customer service . we ordered reuben is and wanted coleslaw instead of kraut . they charged u $ 3.00 for the coleslaw . we will not be back . the iced tea is also terrible tasting .
we met a couple of friend there on a friday afternoon about 440 pm , based on the yelp review . i have relied on yelp in over a dozen different city , never came away with anything le than a positive experience until today . we ordered within 5 minute of sitting down , there could not have been more than 20 people in the place , counting the people on the patio . took them almost 40 minute to serve 3 sandwich and a salad . i tried the fish sandwich , came out fried extra crispy on the end , if there is such a thing a fish jerky a third of the sandwich would have qualified , it wa just ok . i have had better at almost any church that fry fish during lent . all 3 of my dinner companion left partial sandwich or salad uneaten . bread french fry and onion ring were good though . iced tea wa good , though i have never seen a place dispense sweet n low like they were giving away their last rock of crack . asked for sugar but never saw any , they do not carry any other artificial sweetener besides the pink stuff.i may give the place another try in the future for a reuben or hamburger , assuming today wa some aberration possibly due to a cook having a family emergency or something like that . waitress wa pretty good , held up under my multiple request to find out if they caught my fish yet , hardly ever rolled her eye : )
the bar is nice enough the server are attentive enough the food is good enough . their is absolutely nothing wrong with this place but the problem is it is not a place that will stick out from the crowd . it is kind of lost in the crowd . pittsburgh is a city full of bar this one is relaxed . it is a great neighborhood bar . and i would come back but it is not a wow that is a great place . it is just good enough
friendly local bar with great service and good food , will not be disappointed if you like bar food at a reasonable price . good place to go for `` friday fish sandwich ``
friendly staff , good food , great beer selection , and relaxing atmosphere . great wing and the buffalo chicken pizza is the best i have had . the sandwich are all on thick cut italian bread and fresh . definitely a hidden gem of the greetree/carnegie area . looking for a low key hole in the wall with good price and great food this is your place .
found this place on yelp and glad we did . great beer selection , the sandwich are wonderful and huge , wing were very good . family owned establishment and everyone we met wa great , the owner , waitstaff and kitchen staff . if we ever get to the pittsburgh area again , we will go back !
perfect joint ! do not be afraid a you pull up ... it is a nice little neighborhood . wa in town on biz and my hotel wa right up the street . great service , well apportioned serving and unique menu make this place worthy of a check in !
i went to alexions with a co-worker/friend for lunch during lent . first impression , it wa small and packed . this is apparently a very popular lunch stop . they have a nice outdoor seating section , but it wa closed due to the weather . i opted for their friday special a fish sandwich with cheese , hold the cheese . i hate cheese on fish , in my mind it doe not go well together . it came with one side and chip . i opted for cole slaw because that doe go great with fish . the chip were straight out of a bag . i am not a chip fan , especially not one that lay is delivered . it would have been nice to have homemade chip . the special wa 10.50 , so i wa hoping it would be good.the wait wa not terrible for a busy a they were , but if you are on a strict time schedule for lunch i will call ahead . the food arrived in about 20 minute . my fish sandwich though nice size wa a little small for the price , compared to other is that are cheaper . the slaw wa nice , good flavor but the fish wa average . i loaded it up with some tarter and cocktail sauce to help the flavor out . it wa not a bad sandwich just a tad small and mediocre for the price . i would stop back to try something else another time and would love to grab a beer here , a they had a really decent selection , and the server were also pleasant .
this place ha a real neighborhood vibe to it , and offer a nice selection of brew along with a decent menu if you are here for a meal . comfortable decor , decent service and reasonable price make this a good spot for a sojourn if in the area . the bartender wa cool in offering sample of draft before i selected , and the food ( i had wing and zucchini plank - both excellent ) wa very good .
fantastic ! great food , excellent beer selection ! bartender are great ! it is a great hometown neighborhood bar with good people and friendly staff . the food is a good selection of var type food with large sandwich . excellent wing !
i go here to get away and enjoy a nice drink and great company . the service is always top notch and customer service is awesome . first class management and food .
used to go there for tire , brake , etc . their price have gone way up- $ 400 for 4 mid-level tire for a toyota . plus , 1 of the new tire went flat within 3 week . since they don '' t make appointment , the wait to get the tire looked at wa ~2 hour . sorry -- can not wait that long to get a warranted repair , they lost my business for good .
i got 'new ' tire from them and within two week got a flat . i took my car to a local mechanic to see if i could get the hole patched , but they said the reason i had a flat wa because the previous patch had blown - wait , what ? i just got the tire and never needed to have it patched ? this wa supposed to be a new tire . i took the tire over to flynn is and they told me that someone punctured my tire , then tried to patch it . so there are resentful tire slasher ? i find that very unlikely . after arguing with the guy and telling him that his logic wa far fetched he said he will give me a new tire `` this time '' . i will never go back to flynn is b/c of the way this guy treated me and the simple fact that they gave me a used tire !
terrible . preordered my tire and when i arrived they could not find the order anywhere . once we got through that process i waited over 2 hour for them to be put on ... i wa originally told it would take 30 min . slow , over priced , i will go elsewhere next time .
contrary to other review , i have zero complaint about the service or the price . i have been getting tire service here for the past 5 year now , and compared to my experience with place like pep boy , these guy are experienced and know what they are doing . also , this is one place that i do not feel like i am being taken advantage of , just because of my gender . other auto mechanic have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of car , and have sucked my bank account dry . but here , my service and road coverage ha all been well explained - and let up to me to decide . and they just renovated the waiting room . it look a lot better than it did in previous year .
last summer i had an appointment to get new tire and had to wait a super long time . i also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on . they `` fixed '' it for free , and the very next morning i had the same issue . i called to complain , and the `` manager '' did not even apologize ! ! ! so frustrated . never going back . they seem overpriced , too .
i got a tire replaced here in nov . the same tire had a bubble in a few week . after some initial challenge , spoke to the manager keith and the issue wa take care off .
awesome experience ! i came in all fatalistic with my flat tire on a workday morning with a full schedule . they saw me and worked on my car like a nascar pit crew.i wa prepared to buy new tire . they offered to look to see if they could repair.they repaired them . i saved alot of money . # integrity # greatcustomerservice
i took my wife is car in for new tire on good friday . i felt that the price were reasonable , i did not feel pressured to buy the most expensive tire , and i wa out in le than 2 hour with no appointment .
most random location for a mini golf course ever . this is old school . it is built into the wood ( spray yourself for bug first ) right off forsythe rd near carnegie park . the candy hut is fun to spend your spare change . they recently re-carpeted the hole and added a few gimmick that were not there before . it will not knock your sock off , but if you are local , give it a try !
this quaint mini golf course is one of the oldest , yet most original and fun location that i have yet visited . coming from texas , it wa nice to see a course located amongst the hilly and woody pennsylvanian terrain . it can be frustrating that it is literally impossible to make a hole-in-one on most every hole and that the course also make it extremely difficult to predict the direction on how the ball will follow through and bounce . the cartoon-like outrageousness of the course proved to give laugh and a fun attempt to play . improvement were being made and i will look forward to returning on my next visit to the pittsburgh area . i enjoy traveling and visiting new course and the only reason why i did not give this location 5 star is because it wa impossible to intuitively shoot the ball for a best effort to beat par .
i think this place is closed . their number is out of service , sign is gone and the course ha not been maintained . awesome woodsy mess of a course though !
i have been informed by a fellow yelper that they are just closed for the season , i hope they are right ! i find it strange they do not keep their phone number in service with a recording and that they did not cover the course up to protect it from weather , vandalism , etc . either way , i can not wait to get my game on in the spring !
do not waste your time . we had two different people come to our house to give u estimate for a deck ( one of them the owner ) . both time , we never heard from them . not a call , not the estimate , nothing .
i will start by saying we have a nice new deck . that is where the good part ends.why two star if we have a nice deck now ? well , it all started in may when we had a man named al come out and talk to u about the process . he wa a true salesman , i will tell you that . not a straight shooter , but an excited salesman that wanted to sell ... and we bought into it.he told u they were backed up with the harsh winter and a lot of job , but they could probably start by june 24th . mind you , this wa the end of may we met with him . he said they would have to do a survey of our land and get a permit from dormont before they started . we felt confident in going with them , and booked it.here is where thing fell apart . week went by with no word from them on the process . finally i called and left message . al finally got in touch with me and the conversation wa utterly confusing . he must have not understood me because he just kept talking in circle . so i hung up not knowing what wa going on . finally i called back and the admin told me that the survey could take a couple week to come back . i wish al would have told u that.so our june 24th date came and went . we finally got our survey . and they were quick to bill u for it , but no word on where we were in the process . i called back a couple time with no real answer from the admin . apparently they were now waiting for the permit from dormont.a month later , i wa frustrated and asked to speak with someone at the company . i spoke with someone who told me that dormont usually take a week to process the permit , but we were now going on a month . he told me he would bug the guy about it and we finally got it . i completely understand that waiting on the permit is not their fault , but why no communication about it ? just call me and tell me they are waiting for the permit , but they will work towards asking dormont what the hold up is . seems simple.finally we get the permit and work is supposed to start . tuesday come and they have to wait for approval from dormont on hole they are digging . so hole are dug and equipment is put in my backyard and then nothing happens for two day . where did everyone go ? who know , because i wa not informed ! i wa upset and contacted the company owner , dave , by email . i told him how frustrated i wa about the lack of communication . he wrote me two sentence that said `` there will be acre there tomorrow morning to finish and most will be done tomorrow . '' well , that did not happen.then two other dude show up two day later and did work for about three hour and left . the main guy come back the next day and say they did it wrong . so apparently the part about how they would not need access to my house change to they are drilling bolt into my house to secure he deck . finally , the second week into construction , my tiny 10x11 foot deck is done . it wa upsetting that they left the deck dirty , and all the dirt and cement they moved around wa not cleaned up . i even asked them to fill all the hole they dug up and did not use , and they only filled up one . when you create a construction project , is not it just good business to clean it up and make it look nice ? did not happen here.my main point is , contractor have a reputation for not being the most trustworthy . why be that company ? why not be an upstanding company that consumer can trust ? my main issue with them were that thing were not communicated to me properly up front , nor wa the ongoing process communicated to me . then they left everything unfinished in my eye , leaving the site dirty . i understand thing happen and thing get delayed , but just email or call me . it is not that hard to keep me updated , it is 2014 with a million way to be contacted.even though i have a nice deck ( after i clean thing up myself ! ) , i would not recommend them to anyone .
when i wanted a deck for the back of my home i ended up calling quaker state construction . it ended up working very well and they were very polite . i got an estimate and called them to start working out the detail of my new deck . once we got the plan all sorted out they started building my new deck and it wa finished with in a reasonable amount of time . i now have a beautiful deck that i can relax and that my family can enjoy . overall , they did a good job and i would use them in the future for all my deck necessity .
our cat went out the other night and must have gotn into a fight . he wa wounded but we could not tell the extent of his injury . my girlfriend called them today and they made an appt for u immediately . when we got there , i could not believe how friendly and caring they all were . we went into the exam room with doctor tierney kelley and a vet asst sam . they were the best . so gentle and caring . they did not pressure u into any procedure that my cat did not need . they worked hard so we did not have to leave him over night . this wa by far the best veterinarian i have gone to in all my year a a pet owner . this ha all become a racket for making money . doctor do not care about the animal in 90 % of the place you go , but greetree animal clinic is not one of those place . i will be taking my other pet there from now on and recommend this place and doctor kelly to everyone i know . thank you so much again if you read this . doctor kelley you are the best .
greentree animal clinic is the absolute best ! we have had both dr mann and dr. reuther . both are very good , each in their own strength . i recently had to have my beloved dog euthanized due to a tumor growing on his hip . dr. mann wa very sensitive and caring to my feeling of loss . he offered to make a clay paw print from my dog after he passed . he went above and beyond to make sure he had a peaceful passing with me by his side . thank you for allowing me that experience , and for guiding me through the process .
i can not praise this place enough . i have worked a a vet tech in a previous job and have had experience at numerous facility here in pittsburgh and greentree animal clinic blow them all out of the water . key thing that you should note about this place : * they do not over charge* they only recommend services/things that they genuinely believe will help your pet , not their bottom line and they do not pressure you in any way* they are respectful and genuine to you and your pet which is hard to come by nowadays* everyone from the front desk to the tech , to the vet are kind , patient and understanding . no condescension or poor attitude , just positive vibe all around . * dr brown go above and beyond any vet i have ever met . he ha shown so much care , professionalism , kindness and knowledge that i will gladly refer anyone with a pet to him because i know they will be in good hand and his fellow vet ( dr reuther , dr kelley , and dr mann ) are just a phenomenal . thankyou greentree animal clinic for setting the bar where it should be for all veterinary care facility .
i can ; t believe this place ha a high rating . i had a bichon , who wa seen here since his puppyhood and who wa dying . i called to make an appointment to have him put down because he wa in great pain . the receptionist would not give me an appointment until one week later , even though she could hear him cry out in pain . anyway , he died in agony before his appointment . this wa in 2010 and i have not taken my subsequent pet to the clinic .
three month ago i brought my 13 yr old golden retriever to this clinic for an ear problem . it wa diagnosed and treated . shortly after returning home she started to cough and gag like . i watched her for a couple hour do this and then called the vet to see if maybe she wa having an allergic reaction to the medicine they gave her . she wa very uncomfortable . i asked if they though she needed to come back to the office . the dr told me that it sounded like she wa overheated and to put cold towel on her . i told him that i did not think that wa the problem because she had not been out . at this point they were open and would be for another hour . two hour later i wa at a vet hospital with them telling me she is suffering from a heart problem and that they really could not do anything for her . what ? ! ? ! so i found myself having to put her down . fast forward to now . i have a 14 wk puppy that ha blood in it stool . they have not seen her yet . i bring in a sample . wait 24 hr . they leave a message that it is positive and to call for an appt . i call . she ha to wait 4 day to be seen . what ? ! ? ! ? obviously my pup are out of there for good ! thanks greentree for caring for my animal ... absolutely the worst care in all my experience with vet ! !
nice , suppose to be haunted . in carnegie off main st. closed sunday during summer . during school season open some night until 7pm .
awesome historic building high on top of the hill in carnegie . home to stage 62 , a theatre group that put on musical . i recently saw sideshow and evita here . great sound and comfortable chair , an all around pleasant experience for a pleasant evening or sunday matinee . plenty of free parking and at only 18 dollar it a true bargain . and yes , the rumor are true , this building is haunted .
beautiful restoration of the library and music hall . look forward to coming here for show .
i am not by any mean a gear head , i am lucky i know where to put the gas in my car . i have triple a in case i get a flat , because i have no idea where my jack is . i took my present car back to the dealership the day after driving it off the lot to have them show me how to turn on my hazard signal , also , to show me how to release the parking brake , and how to turn on the rear defoggers . yes , the owner manual wa in the glove box , but there wa way too much reading involved , and i learn quicker by hand on training.advanced auto is a god send for me , when i needed windshield wiper , the one on the car sounded like a cow being skinned alive each time i turned them on . so , i did not use them often , which is not good in a driving rain storm . i walked in and went up to an associate and asked him where the wiper were . not only did he get me the wiper , he saved me a ton of embarrassment by putting them on for me at no extra charge . i gave him a nice tip which he refused , but i insisted . i also picked up a nice leather steering wheel cover ( proud to say i figured out how to put that on without a mechanic ! ) and a gas additive to clean out my fuel system . this place ha everything , and if you are not a gear head , they will either show you how or do it for you . great customer service !
great people ... great service ... great product ... always busy
i actually stopped at the one at the crafton ingram shopping center but they are all basically the same . i had been here earlier this year to get replacement wiper blade . the man who helped me not only gave me his recommendation on what would be good for winter driving but also put them on my car.today is visit wa to purchase some general car supply a a holiday gift . they carry basically everything you need for self service . i am not overly sure on their pricing but since it is convenient for me i visit it.so far i have been pleased with my purchase .
i have never seen a restaurant that ha a frowning brownie ( a.k.a . frownie ) a their icon , mascot , or spokesperson . king is family restaurant ha surprised me with this . i think it might be in direct dialogue with eat n ' park smiling cookie -- funny ( funny odd , not funny ha-ha ) . we were seated rather quickly by the manager . very nice people work here , i wa happy to find that even though they had closed a section , the server wa willing to stay longer to serve u our dinner.we chatted with the server a little bit -- she wa quite engaging -- and then moved on to order our meal : teapepsiopen-faced hot turkey sandwich with mashed potato and gravybuffalo chicken strip with mashed potato and macaroni n ' cheeseour drink arrived and our server conversed with u some more about the area . she would leave every couple of minute to check on our food and to make certain that her other table had everything they needed . eventually , our entree arrived -- both piping hot . i went straight for the macaroni and cheese . it did not taste bad , but i swear that it is made by stouffers . i did not feel the need to eat that much knowing that there were other thing to eat . i tried the mashed potato and found that they too came from a package ; but , again , they did not taste bad with the brown gravy . i moved on to the main part of my meal -- the buffalo chicken strip . at least they were all white meat and the buffalo sauce wa more than just mild . i contented myself with eating them . i tried some of the hot turkey sandwich and just left the rest for my friend since it wa not fresh cut turkey but instead luncheon meat that had been heated . i finished off my dinner and wa happy in the end . no , it wa not the best food in the world , but the service greatly helped the perception and it did not taste bad .
so ... back in the late 90 , there used to be this super-kick-ass cinnamon ice cream , like an apple pie ice cream without the apple or the pie crust . so delicious ! however , now there is some shit-tastic replacement that taste like vanilla ice cream with last year is red-hot in the middle : totally gross . fortunately , our server wa nice enough to warn me about the change and bring me a sample , so i only had to suffer the death of a childhood memory rather than also having to pay for it.the portion are big and filling , just do not come for the ice cream .
ive pretty much been eating at various king ' pretty regularly since i wa a child when my parent would take my sister and i into the fox chapel location often . lately me and my girl have been visiting the heidelburg location . i love the food , it really taste homemade , much like something a grandmother would make , complete with gob of butter and side dish . price are low , selection is great , but dont expect fine dining by any mean . service is hit or miss at pretty much all of them ; if you have lunch at any king , you will likely be waited on by a sweet but sarcastic older lady who ha been doing the waiting thing for 30 year and know her game . seek out this lady . my experience with the younger crowd at night isnt the same.im in my 30 now , and very little ha changed , other than the fox chapel location wa remodeled about 10 year ago to look le like a diner , which wa a big fail . any girl i meet ha to enjoy king or she is out .
hoofah .
i heart king is . i have always been a fan and this one wa a good a my old one in monaca .
i arrived around 10 am on a saturday morning . i wa greeted by the hostess , who wa polite and friendly , and i informed her that i wa alone . she had just arrived , a well , and wa not exactly sure what wa going on yet , so she asked ( the manager ? ) where she should seat me . after receiving guidance , she brought me to a table towards the back . it had not yet been cleaned after the previous guest had dined . so , she quickly got it cleared off , grabbed a rag , and wiped it down.the waitress came rather quickly to take my drink order . she wa extremely friendly . i ordered coffee and water , which she went and got while i looked over the menu . she returned , and took my order . i ordered the cinnamon swirl french toast special - three slice of french toast made with pittsburgh is own jenny lee® cinnamon swirl , two farm-fresh egg , with bacon or sausage ( i chose sausage ) , and your choice of potato ( i went with the cheesy hash brown casserole ) . i also added an orange juice . she went and put my order in , while i waited , and came back with it after not too long . the egg were cooked exactly how i wanted them , the cheesy hash brown casserole and the french toast were both delicious . i also enjoyed the sausage which wa pretty typical.kings family restaurant featured a very friendly staff , great price , and tasty food . i am pleased and will definitely come back again .
breakfast time ! i stopped by the king family restaurant prior to grocery shopping . i have never been to a king family restaurant since moving to pittsburgh . there are several local establishments.this particular location ha pretty good food at a great price . it is similar to a cracker barrel and / or bob evans . i ordered something very hearty - country fried steak , egg , and cheesy potatoes.the food and coffee were good . the service wa excellent . i will go back . breakfast run from $ 5-8 . my breakfast cost me just over $ 10 - very comparable to cracker barrel / bob evans .
good service but the last 2 time we have gone there have been hair in my son is kid meal.. a bit disappointing .
average run of the mill store . associate are young teen and they really do not know where anything is . luckily i am able to get around to find everything . found my puppy treat and moved on .
not bad for a shop n save , most are privately owned , so availability of item might differ from place to place . the only time i frequent s n s is when the have their huge two day sale usually held on thursday and friday at least once month.good bakery at this location too .
this sn and the one in bethel park are my two favorite . staff always friendly and the deli staff in both location are great ! in my experience , if teen staff do not know where something is , they ask another staff member . shopping these two store is a pleasant a it get .
one of the biggest , cleanest , busiest shop n save i have ever been to . nice friendly staff . great layout . and again , so clean ! ! !
this place went from great to horrible . first visit wa for a flat tire and recommended . absolutely no problem . now when i needed my car inspected in june , they put snow tire on my car . noisy snow tire in the summer ! i told them i did not want these tire and they told me i would have to come back the next day and talk to the owner . when i went back the owner told me they were not snow tire . the tire were called blizzard ! i told him they are too noisy . he told me to come back another day . i tried and tried but he never had the time . very rude and once they get paid have no ethic .
my wife recently went to buy 4 `` used '' tire to replace her balding tire . while there she also got an inspection . the person working only sold her 2 tire that were needed and said her other two were fine . she also had no way home so had to sit and wait for everything to be done . since she wa waiting they did the inspection right away . they had a chance to oversell her product and did not . i can not think of a better way to promote a mechanic business than by not ripping off your customer because they do not know better . thank you for your great service and your honesty . the `` used '' tire are great . we just had a snow today and they did perfectly . the price could not be beat either . $ 180 total for 2 tire installed , inspection and emission .
unfortunately , i only have one complaint about this dry cleaner . it wa well kept and clean inside . the man waiting on me ( i am guessing the owner ) wa very nice , both dropping off and picking up , even though i lost my ticket . turn around time wa ok for a cleaner that do not do cleaning on premise . what is my problem then ? price . my daughter is dress wa $ 18 to clean . i think that is close to what i paid for it . my lady shirt were $ 6/unit . maybe i am not calibrated on pgh price but this seems outrageous . my search continues for a neighborhood cleaner . btw , they do men is tailoring there on-site and it look like it might be a big part of their business . i would try them again for that ( after i check cost ! )
never go to rossi tailoring and dry cleaner 393 vanadium road pittsburgh , pa 15243 . i decided to use a local business to do my dry cleaning . i dropped off 3 shirt at this establishment just before thanksgiving . it is now late january . i have stopped by more than a half dozen time and have been given only one of the shirt . they have offered $ 20 a shirt for the shirt they lost . those shirt are worth at least $ 50 each , and i refuse to take under $ 30 for each . i am tired of the run around , tired of promised phone call that never happen ( they have never called me ) . i would not use their service again if you paid me to .
i went to rossi is for my first time , two week ago . i had two suit and one jacket tailored . everything wa ready in le than two week . these suit were brand new and on the expensive side . i did not know who to trust them with . i went to rossi is because a friend highly recommended them . my friend had a tuxedo custom made by rossi is . i am extremely happy with the end result ! i wanted a european cut on jacket and no break on the slack ; a nice tailored look . the suit look awesome . i am going to go through my closet and take some of my older suit to be tailored ( some of my older suit are a little looser fitting ; i now like the more tailored european look ) . juliano ( the owner ) will shorten the length of my jacket , take the side in and shorten my slack . they will look brand new.as for the price , i am very happy . i would not go to the cheapest barber in town ( for obvious reason ) . i feel the same about a good tailor . a for the service , they could not be nicer . thanks for a job well done !
i want to write the greatest review yelp ha ever seen . i want yelpers from all across this great land to read this review and think to themselves `` i wish i could write a review like this one . '' this review must be honest , to the point , be the subject of debate and casual comversation . it should be humorous too , not so humorous that it loses it is methodology . it should make you want to go to this establishment and see it for yourself . when you get here , you fall to you knee and scream `` it truely is indeed a mecca '' this review must compel yelpers from all over the world to come to pittsburgh to see this attraction that i have written about . i want people from india , canada , mexico , italy , germany , france , and even the little country like wyoming and pluto to gather here and praise me to the highest , seat me at right hand of you know who , and sing me the ava maria and bett midler is version of the boogie woogie bugal boy.once i leave this big blue marble , i want people to remember me a the man who wrote the greatest yelp review ever . people will bring child to my grave and say to them `` you should read his review , for it wa the most honest , thoughtful , and heartfelt review ever written . flawless , it flow like a gentle brook on a spring day . '' my review will be the subject of future thesis , lecture , and studied by philosophers.and now , without further adeu , my greatest review ... this is a gas station .
real talk : i took my car through the carwash here once , got a nasty gouge down the side , and the guy at the counter did not seem to care . the car wash ha since been decommissioned , which is totally ok because the getgo carwash across the street is excellent and better in every way .
typical bp . usually pretty crowded in the evening due to location on washington but never had to wait to long . staff is pretty nice and always pleasant . can not comment on the coffee or anything else because i only ever get gas .
station is closed . sign is blank and all fixture from the store have been removed .
two meal , on the recommendation of a friend who life near the place , and after the second trip , i wa compelled to write . 'rocky ' would definitely describe the experiences.on the first trip , i went to try their ( at that time ) raved about reuben . and yet to find a true good reuben in da burgh , i tried it.well , they were out of the proper bread , and the guy had to run to the store to buy the closest thing he could find , which wa not the proper bread , and instead of one of their 'raved about ' reuben , i received two mini-reubens , which basically took the gut from one reuben , and spread it out onto two sandwich on regular sized bread . i ate it . it wa not great , but they swore it wa because they will run out of the bread . bread or not , it still wa not great . the atmosphere wa pleasant in that 'blue collar bar ' kind of way , and the staff wa very nice , but not a winning pitch on the reuben.the second trip wa after a long day of moving furniture with the same friend . sat in the back room , instead of the bar , which felt more like a restaurant , of course , with the big screen tv covering the sport of the moment.i wa in the mood for dinner this time , and after a scan , decided on fried chicken and mashed potato with the salad bar . my friend ordered one of her faves , the breaded pork chops.we hit the salad bar , which wa uber-basic . three soup ( mostly vegetable loaded , which left me out ) , basic iceberg lettuce mix ( very probably out of a bag ) , a few veggie topping , and three or four dressing . it wa a basic salad , no big deal . more or le an appetizer filler before the meal.the mind-blower in this trip wa the ordering of the fried chicken dinner . our waiter looked like a 19 year old gas station attendant , skinny little blonde guy with a sweet but incredibly naive face , and an air of vapidity , which wa confirmed when i placed my order . i asked what chicken piece came in the dinner , and asked if it wa possible to only get dark meat . i never imagined how confusing a question that could possibly be . it literally took him two trip back to the kitchen to 'ask ' , and the child honestly had no clue what 'white meat ' and 'dark meat ' meant . the first answer he came back with wa that the chicken came in a pre-portioned prepared bag , kind of kentucky fried chicken style ... which did not answer my question , thus prompting the second trip . after the second trip back i heard the cook holler 'tell him i will fix him up ' . well , the chicken wa prepackaged dreck like you will find in the freezer case of walmart , tiny and not good , and the potato had that slight tinge of chem-spuds flavor , laden with some kind of chopped up green ( parsley ? ) , and a side of that basic brown gravy served up in 5 gallon buckets.thank goodness for the basic salad bar.even my friend admitted that her pork chop were different and not what she will expected . they also appeared to be from a freezer bag.the irony wa that the boy who did not know white meat from dark meat , wa chatting with some other customer ... about baseball ... and he wa a genius about the mindless sport of baseball . ahhhh da burgh.third base ? nah ... why bother when there are so many other option around . go on in a grab a beer and chat black and gold if you happen to be in carnegie ... they can help you out all type of way in that area . just do not go hungry if you actually have tastebuds.from what i understand it 'used to be ' really good homecooked food . but apparently , mama ha left the kitchen .
this place is dirty and smell food is reely bad i took it home and feed it to the dog . hope he do not get sick from the food like i did .
if you are searching for a go to fish place for lent ... .look no further . this place will give you the best fish sandwich in pittsburgh . the sandwich ha enough fish to make four sandwich . you will not be able to finish this sandwich in one seating.enjoy ... .
this is a great little gem ! on my last visit to pittsburgh i wa looking for a nice bar/pub/lounge to grab dinner and watch a penguin playoff game . a friend of mine who lived in the area recommended rocky is . a i walked in the door i wa pleasantly approached by the server and shown a table . it wa clean , welcoming and the lounge wa busy . it wa friday night and the special wa the fish fry . i ordered the fish and in the meantime i sipped on a draft brew . the order wa delivered to my table in no time . the fish and side were tasty and the portion size wa large . a i wa watching the game and enjoying the heck out of my dinner i noticed a dessert case with a nice selection of cake . well needle to say i got a togo box for what wa left of my dinner and ordered a slice of cheesecake . another good choice ! at the end of night the penguin could not pull off the win over the ranger but i definitely have a new `` go to '' when i am in town . another star could be added for a smoke free environment . i do not smoke but i understand they have a nice outdoor area for those who do .
rocky is ha been in business since the 1980s and still going strong . their food is good . not haute cuisine , pretentious ! everyday , well prepared and taste bud pleasing home style cooking . i have mostly gone during supper hour and and ate in the dining room , but , today i introduced an old friend to `` linner '' in the bar.he ordered the large version of fish sandwich . rocky is is famous for their fish . three large breaded and fried fish filet , bun and fry for under $ 10 . needle to say , he had no complaint and brought home more than he ate.i ordered the meatball grill . it wa delish . served on thick cut italian bread and made `` grilled cheese '' ( mozzarella ) style . meatball and tomato sauce are both good ! also , served with fry . i brought home half the sandwich.another good meal there . friend , mother , and former bos all enjoy their food !
italian dinner , american , endless soup and salad bar is great . most food for your dollar . i highly recommend . great bar . good place to watch a game . the bar can get quite noisy in the evening , but it add to the great atmosphere at rocky is
i have been to this place a million time over the year . have been there during the year it wa le than clean , to the present where it is almost clean . this place is a neighborhood standard that for some reason compels you to return , even if your experience wa le than stellar . fancy it is not . gourmet it is definitely not . every item on the menu seems to come from a can , bag , bucket or box . the wait staff is often clueless and change like the wind . i have never had the same server twice . but the fact is you get a decent meal for a decent price and always have a little to take home . yes , the salad bar is very basic . not every item is a fresh a it should be . the iced tea often take on the taste of lord know what . however , the fried fish dinner is one of the best i have had anywhere in picksburg . their meatloaf is terrific a are several of their hoagy . in a nutshell , this place ha a lot of flaw . like we all do . a few upgrade like a better wait staff , fresh gravy instead of their gallon bucket brand , homemade sauce instead of whatever canned stuff they are using would jump this review to 5 star . rocky is is worth going to . you will definitely find something you like and you will definitely go back . decent food , decent price , good portion and an overall pleasant experience .
great local bar . theresa doe a great job . sandwich are excellent . recommend meatball , reuben , burger , fish sandwich .
to be clear this is not a fancy place by any mean . the decor is a little dated and leaf a lot to be desired . the food is basic and simple , but it is delicious . sometimes simple is better ; this is definitely one of those time .
generous portion of really great food . best fish sandwich . not fancy ... real food for real folk !
if you want a true understanding of pittsburgh in the morning , come here . this greasy spoon is always packed , and is one of the better of it kind south of the city.they serve waffle in half , which is great . the egg and toast are good , the homemade hot sausage is excellent . the drawback are the barely cooked potatoes.if you are hungry , get `` the mixed grill '' ... gab and eat is brand of the `` kitchen sink '' breakfast that all midwest place are about .
good luck getting a seat , that is all i have to say . the gab and eat is famous and infamous . diner food is what is up and i like it . when i wa a roofing mechanic , we will meet there before work . although i am not sure i would recommend it if you are working were there is no bathroom . hehe
stick to basic and this is the best place in or around the 'burgh . first time go with a friend and sit at the counter . short order cooking at it is best , it is like a floor show with the actor is back to you . breakfast ha no loser . egg , omelet , pancake , waffle , breakfast sandwich to order , the ever popular mixed grill , get a 1/2 louie instead of home fry ( although they good a is ) and do not forget the italian toast.frequently voted the best burger in pittsburgh for a reason . a for ambiance , well let just say i do not think there are two matching plate or coffee mug in the joint . but the coffee is good and hot and refreshed often a the service is good , andlocal with many long time folk working here . if i do not get there for awhile i need to go through detox because i feel too healthy .
the biggest breakfast in pittsburgh , a far a i can tell - and delicious and cheap too . i ordered some mix of egg , bacon and pancake - and got 2 dinner-sized plate , one loaded with pancake and the other stuffed with egg , bacon , and home fry . oh , and a side of toast . for under $ 5 , if i recall.huge portion , all well-executed ; a good a deluca's.i have not had anything besides breakfast , so can not comment on the burger or anything else.cramped quarter , and you will have to wait , but when nothing but monster morning food will do , this is the destination .
okay , let is first set expectation . this place is a true dive ... this is not for the nyc foodie crowd . if you want a down home , large portion awesome breakfast , this is the place . the place is packed with happy diner , the server wa very friendly in a busy grandma kind of way . the best part - they have `` dippy '' egg on the menu and define the degree of dippy you can order . for anyone who ha never heard of a `` dippy '' egg - this mean sunny side up or over medium where the egg are still runny and you can dip your bread in them . the egg were great - i ordered mine over medium , the breakfast potato were fab - no complicated additive like pepper or onion - just plain good potato cooked in fat - the best part - the fresh italian bread . yum ! ! !
i miss this place . when i return home to pittsburgh this is always a must to ease myself into a saturday morning recovery after getting banged up on cheap south side cocktail the night before . when i think of pittsburgh , i remember cutting morning class in highschool just to get after the best bacon egg and cheese i know of . honestly i live in nyc where you can get a bacon egg and cheese on every single corner , and nowhere that i have been doe it a well a this joint . go here and you will be happy you did .
i have lived in pittsburgh for 6 year , and in carnegie for over 2 year , and by far , this is the best greasy spoon joint i have found . if you can stomach the wait ( no reservation , naturally ) , you will enjoy overflowing plate of goodness , thanks to the well-seasoned griddle where all of the food is made . here are the highlight : -cheap : breakfast for two can be well under $ 10 , with lunch around the same.-crowded : get there early and expect to wait . they close pretty early on the weekend too ( oddly , at 12:45pm ) -cash only-huge portion : when ordering fry or homefries , always get the half order , unless you are a lumberjack-about those homefries : they are often undercooked . i have had better , believe me . my favorite thing to eat in life are potato products.-my favorite item : hot sausage sandwich on thick italian toast , with cheese , lettuce , tomato and mayo
love this place . never had a bad meal . good portion and great people . be ready to stand in line .
my favorite breakfast place . have good sandwich also . stopped again for bfast and had the mixed grill -- get the small portion unless you are a real man ! mixed grill ha sausage , ( could it be ricci is ? ) , egg , onion , and home fry , soooo goooooooood ! use mancini is bread for toast , got the raisin toast - yum . have had many other item and just love the food . if you like to watch a true cook , sit at the counter . banter with the cook and staff and patron is fun ! lunch is good , sausage sandwich , hamburger and other lunch meat fried on the grill.gets busy for bfast so you may have to wait.remember it is a diner . do not expect fancy decor .
just left grab n eat , the food wa awesome and the service wa great . tiny place with a friendly atmosphere . the homemade italian toast is wonderful . i suggest the mix grill with a side of sausage , which is homemade .
definitely a greasy spoon ! always packed here and always a wait but worth it . the omelet are really tastey especially with their homemade sausage . i also like the mixed grill . my parent love their burger . took off a star for lumpy booth and really tight table ( your arm get hit when someone walk past ) oh and waitress are not very attentive .
great homemade hot breakfast sausage and a wonderful family restaurant feel . reminds me of the one my parent used to own in mi . have fun finding a table on the weekend : )
great breakfast place . come hungry . look for dick , my dad , and gino at the counter every a.m. about 0830 and say hi . try the mixed grill ( half ) .
ok , what is with all of these `` cash only '' place in pittsburgh ? i can appreciate that some smaller business might have trouble installing a credit card system in their store/resturant , but could you perhaps provide an atm ? in the past , this would deter me from eating at this place . looking at a standard breakfast menu , i decided to go with a tuna melt instead . what i got wa a cold tuna salad sandwich with a slice of cheese on toast . i had ordered a melt being in the mood for a warm meal , but to no avail . one day later i can not even remember what my side wa . i suppose it did not leave much of an impression on me . i have to say that the dessert wa really good ! the cherry pecan pie ! i have not seen this concoction anywhere else but this wa awesome ! the cherry were not the sweet canned variety , but a pie worthy tart topped with sugar . i think i want to make this pie with my parent next harvest of our cherry tree ! my first impression is `` eh . '' i am learning how crazy pittsburghers are over breakfast ! seriously , waiting 30 minute for a table at a tiny diner with a menu that read a follows : `` 2 egg and toast $ x.xx '' '' 2 egg , meat , and toast $ x.xx '' '' 2 egg and pancake $ x.xx '' i will rather go to a denny is and order the `` create your own grand slam ! ''
best diner in the counrty ! ! ! we have been to many famous diner across the country and we still give gab and eat the best rating ! ! i wa a little intimidated when i first walked in and there wa like 2 pound of butter just sitting on top of the homefires on the grill . if you are looking for a healthy breakfast they probably can accomodate you , but everything i ate wa clearly the opposite of healthy . after trying like every meal they have i would recommend the mix grill ( half unless you are sharing ) adding cajun seasoning with the texas toast . burger are great too.it is hard to find a place that make a better breakfast than you could make by yourself at home , but this place doe it . the atmosphere is classy , old school americana .
best french toast ever ! ! love the friendly atmosphere , and especially the breakfast . never been disappointed . you have to try french toast with raisin bread too ... yummy !
great diner ! their breakfast is the best in the area ! lot of choice and always good . love the unique mug they use for coffee and all the writing on the wall . get there early otherwise you will not get a seat ! they have homemade hot/sweet sausage and texas toast .
reader of my review may recall that i once referred to the dor-stop a possibly the best breakfast in pittsburgh . well , faithful follower , i must now admit that the dor-stop ha now been verified a only one of the best . why ? that is because gab and eat i have now found to be the best breakfast i have ever had . if it wa closer to my home i would quickly become a regular.i easily decided to order the mixed grill ( half ) . before i go on , i must ask ... ha anyone seen a full order ? because i honestly can not imagine how much food that is . i created my own with bacon , cheese , egg and potato . based on review i also opted to get a side of the sausage and wa pleased a punch when our waitress asked if i wanted hot or sweet ... .or one of each . i like variety , so i jumped on the change to try both . i also selected the italian toast - what other kind is there , really ? when my food arrived , it looked delicious . there wa so much bacon that after eating half of my mixed grill it looked like i will barely started . the sausage wa great , just do not ask me which one i liked best . my toast ? 4 thick slice that looked to be about half the loaf and were buttered on both side . it wa a struggle , but i wa determined to enjoy every tasty morsel and not leave a crumb . in case anyone is wondering , yes , they use real butter . i saw pound of it stacked in the kitchen with my own two eye . the wait staff wa quick and efficient a well a helpful and friendly with our larger group of 9 people . the fact that none of the plate match and i noticed a sign at the front register that said , `` we need mug '' just make me love this place even more.a few tip : 1 . ) order the mixed grill . 2 . ) cash only ! 3 . ) gab and eat is a popular place but also very small and narrow ( or cozy if you will ) . i recommend going during the week when they are still busy but can accomodate a group . that way you will not feel rushed or crowded . 4 . ) get to gab and eat asap ! you will be glad you did !
classic breakfast joint . grimy looking hole in the wall located on one end of a seedy looking strip mall . window is opaque due to the grease so you can not hardly see inside . on the outside , there are about a dozen people waiting to get in . when you finally do get inside , you see that there are 15 table and a counter , all occupied by people from all walk of life.what is the attraction behind this flea hole ? the food ! lot of it and dirt cheap . i sat at a vacant stool behind the formica counter and ordered the mixed grill . potato , egg , sausage , bacon and italian toast . a giant mound of food guaranteed to sooth any hangover . i swear the full mixed grill had two pound of food . neat thing is that the grill is right in front of you so you can see your potato and egg frying in a pool of fresh grease . all that food , plus coffee and tip for around ten buck . cash only , so put that plastic away.only bad thing that could happen is some douche bag from the food network or travel channel will make this place famous , and then i will never be able to get in .
yum - freaking - me ! a the other fellower yelpers mentioned - this place is a cash only . a couple of recommendation : - do not eat early in the week - i do not recommend wearing any tight clothing ( no skinny jean ) - you will not be skinny when you leave i walked in for breakfast one early weekday am . the place wa packed with local and regular . a very good sign.my co-worker recommended i get the mixed grill . i ordered the large mix grill . my waitress tried to warn me - it is large ( very large ) . i ended up eating the left-overs for the next 2 days.food - the mixed grill comprises their homemade sausage , grilled onion , grilled pepper , potato , fried egg . portion -this should have been a man v food episode . i wa not going to attempt to eat all the food . it wa really good.service - my waitress look a if she had been working there for year . she wa fast , friendly , and offered good advice.price - the cost range $ 5 - 10.i will definitely go back after i buy some new stretchy pant .
best breakfast spot in the area , if you like diner food it is the place to go . small , so you will want to avoid the church crowd on sunday , but the wait is never too long . everyone is friendly and ha obviously been working there for a while . if you are feeling like lunch food go a little later , their burger are made on the breakfast griddle and are delicious .
good local spot to grab breakfast . good price for the amount of food you get . you can sit at the booth or at the counter
great breakfast , good price . you might have to stand outside in line though , so i do not really recommend winter time to go . lol . very friendly service , interesting coffee mug . they have great desert and such also . bring your cash though a they dont ' take card .
i always love a good diner . gab and eat wa just what we were looking for on a saturday morning . good food . great people . pittsburgh ambiance . this place is obviously a beloved neighborhood gem . i had french toast and bacon . the french toast wa made with the best italian bread . my fiance had what they called a 'mixed grill . '' it consisted of egg , pepper , onion and home made sausage . not something you would eat everyday , but he loved it ! they also had great coffee . they actually ground up the bean in front of u . now that is fresh.we want to return sometime for `` turkey day . '' apparently they made fresh turkey every tuesday . now that sound good ! can not wait to return .
this is exactly what a breakfast place should be like -- comfortable , quirky , unpretentious and with inexpensive , large portioned working class breakfast plate .
on our current road trip of baseball , brew , hockey and diner , we decided to try gab & eat based on yelpers rating putting it # 1 for breakfast in pittsburgh area . we have to agree with most other reviewer that this is a place to eat.we arrived around noon on saturday and were happy there were a couple open table . the place is tucked at the end of a strip mall and you have to look to find it . there is plenty of parking.inside the decor is quaint and funky at the same time . country style decoration and sign are mixed with nostalgia sign & poster . most interesting are all the signature and comment written on the wall by past customer . we regretted not having a marker to add ours . the other highlight wa three large white board with trivia question - fun way to spend time waiting for food.the waitstaff there is ... uh , experienced . they are attentive , pleasant and efficient.after reading review i had to try the mixed grill . but s went with pancake with a side of bacon . the pancake were outstanding ... maybe the best either of u ha eaten . they were thick but with light texture and rich flavor . his bacon wa cooked just a requested - a crisp a possible - and very flavorful.the mixed grill is a mixed together concoction of egg , potato , onion , pepper , cheese , and spicy italian sausage grilled together . i am glad i heeded those who stressed going with the half size order . it filled a full sized dinner plate with a heaping order . i could not finish it all and that is rare . how do they serve the whole potion -- in a trough ? everything wa cooked well . the sausage added a nice bite to offset the somewhat plain potato . you can build your own mix but the basic wa a good mix.my only complaint wa the amount of potato and that they are pretty plain . i like home fry with lot of seasoning that have aged on the grill . these potato were pretty uniform chunk with little seasoning . personal preference.it usually come with italian toast but they were out so i went with raisin . it wa delicious soft inch thick slices.coffee wa excellent and the cup stayed full . the total wa le than $ 15 . fabulous value for the quality and portions.while i can not say it is the best breakfast in pittsburgh ( only here 3 day ) , it the best so far and one of the best we have had .
met my nephew for lunch in carnegie and he suggested gab & eat . way to go justin ! the restaurant is in a strip mall across from the dairy queen . the grill is right up front so you can see them cooking . they have counter space for eating and tables/booths for 4 . do not expect to sit at one table if you have more than 4 . they have a great looking breakfast menu . we all got burger of varying kind ! they were tasty ! the bun were buttered , toasted and soft . yum ! the amount of butter didnt bother me but it did my whiny mother . who whined even though there is a no whining sign a you walk in the door . we ordered fresh cut fry a onion ring . both of which were great . the half order wa plenty and a nice option to a full order . the restaurant wa full of local men at lunch which is usually a good sign . i give it a 4 star only because of the waitress who kind of threw straw , silverware and napkin at u a she walked behind the counter . at least she did not throw the food when it came ! she also served the fry and onion ring way before our burger came out which wa kind of weird . they were nice and hot but would have been cold had we waited for the burger . it did not factor into my four star rating but i deduct a star from nephew because he invited u out to lunch then allowed me pay ! just kidding justin ! love ya !
this is a perfect example of what a breakfast diner can be : excellent breakfast in huge portion for cheap . i had the western omlet and will be getting it or another omlet again soonthe coffee wa good , totally serviceable diner coffee . the waitress wa wonderfully friendly and hopping around from table to table . the food wa excellent . the ambience wa exactly right for a diner . it wa packed . the wait wa not nearly a long a i wa expecting . 10 minute maybe.totally recommended . come hungry .
wow ! read the great review and i wa not let down . huge portion . the mixed grill wa the best breakfast i have ever had . if you go to pittsburgh it is a must eat . service wa superb . friendly staff . led zeppelin on the wall . ... ..what else could you ask for ?
i have been coming to gab n eat for almost 20 year and they have never let me down . i get a typical breakfast if egg , ham , toast , and home fry . delicious a usual . the ambience however is usually lacking . the wall are dark , with writing and signature of semi famous people all over the place . picture of local people hang on the wall ( i secretly want mine up there ) along with poster galore . while it fun to look at the first 10 time , it get a little boring after awhile . so today when i arrived i expected the same old experience . wow wa i wrong ! a soon a i looked at the door i knew something wa different . the place seemed lighter and brighter . to my pleasant surprise , they painted and got new counter top ! ! they are not quite done yet but the place ha a new happy vibe to it . the awesome breakfast , the new decor and the 5 guy sitting at the counter making me laugh are why i will be back ( maybe for lunch ) .
a gem . the coffee cup are mismatched . the owner is three foot away from me cooking . the sausage is made for them locally . and the food is frickin awesome . i had the pancake , my daughter had the sausage and egg sandwich . cash only . friendly service .
excellent breakfast and lunch menu . friendly staff and super food . modest environment with excellent food . worth the wait.. dont miss this one . best breakfast and lunch food in the pgh south hill hand down .
what a find ! i stopped in here for breakfast while in town for business . the service is so friendly i thought i wa down south . the service wa quick , frankly and felt like i wa with family . fantastic poached egg , cajun homefries and crispy bacon . gab and eat is definitely a place i world recommend to local . i wa stuffed and the bill wa only $ 8.00 .
been coming here for a decade or so whenever my wife and i get the chance , and have never been disappointed ! the perfect blend of non-chain-tightly-packed ambiance , friendly older waitress who have been there since i started going , cheap for what you get price , and food with taste and amount that `` aunt bee '' would be proud of.never had anything that wa not hot , freshly made before my eye , and down home `` gooooooooooood '' ' a andy might say.as my wife and i agree , this `` joint '' , ha been for some time now the overall gold standard by which our eaten out breakfast have been measured against ! one visit ... and you will be a believer , and most time i have been there the owner is cooking at the grill herself .
a fine breakfast joint . you got ta love the small diner . highly recommended .
gab n eat is the best breakfast in pittsburgh and always a treat . we went there around 11:30 which brought up the lunch . v breakfast debate . i saw another customer soup and knew i would have to try it . the soup wa a lobster bisque and it wa amazing ... ..creamy deliciousness . i could have had a quart of it . yum ! i ended up ordering the create your own mixed grill . ( when at gab n eat . you have to order the 1/2 grill ) i had mine with bacon . bacon wa crisp and delish . and m ordered the regular mixed grill . we also shared an order of potato pancake . they even brought u 2 side of applesauce and sour cream . the pancake could have been a tiny bit crisper , but still very good .
really just ok . it wa chaotic and no one alerted u to whether we should seat ourselves or wait to be seated , and when we tried to ask a woman working behind the counter , she gave u a dirty look like we were not welcome there . eventually we just sat down and someone came by to take our order . the server wa nice enough , but wa not very quick with the coffee refill - i finished my first cup slowly and then it sat empty for about five minute . food wa ok , but not amazing . we got the mixed grill and a pancake , and both were solid but not outstanding . not a bad place to go , but we probably will not go out of our way to go here again , either .
sadly , i have only been here twice , only due to the fact it is not really close to my home or work . however , when i am in the area , this is a great cheap eats for both lunch and breakfast . it almost like going back in time to where the old style local diner or isaly is to get made to order diner style food . love the egg made perfectly to order and a variety of lunch offering at extremely affordable price . i only wish gab & eat would move to my neighborhood .
this place is divey but cute . the food is obviously not five-star , but it is a great place if you want to get a good , hearty breakfast . we went there for lunch and got burger ... oddly enough the server said that they do not sell french fry on sunday ... .. ? so we had to settle for home fry . i thought it wa a little weird at first , but damn , those home fry were good ! i did not even care after that . the coffee is great too ! it is a unique little place . it is basically one long strip of a kitchen , then booth set up right beside it ! they also have a pretty cool breakfast bar where you can sit and watch them grill all of the food to order . the coffee cup did not match - they were all christmas mug lol - they have a wall in the back where you can sign your name with a dry erase marker , and they have little trivia board on the wall just for fun . it is definitely a place of it is own kind . the price are very reasonable , and i would definitely go back again .
great food , great service , and a great `` diner '' atmosphere . it is the kind of place that allows you to decompress and enjoy good conversation with friend .
one of my favorite breakfast stop in pittsburgh ! can not beat the hometown feel of this place . always had great service .
we came here once before and remember it not being very good , but figured we will give it another shot since it is pretty close to our home . it is still just ok. we did not have to wait this time ( saturday morning at 10:30 ) , but there wa a wait throughout the time we were there . the menu is very basic- no specialty pancake , waffle , or french toast and only 1 specialty omelette . there were no meal option , so if you want home fry or something , it is extra . the omelette do include toast . ( great bread , btw ! ) we had to wait a while for our food , which wa surprising because we have been to a lot of diner . my husband and i both got omelette and agreed that the content were not really cooked with the egg . it is almost like the egg wa completely cooked and someone threw the cooked content in there and just folded it over . a for my mushroom and cheese omelette , the cheese wa lacking . my biggest peev about this place is that it is cash only . perhaps i missed it , but i am pretty sure this wa not noted anywhere on the menu or the front door . thankfully , we had enough to cover our bill , but is not a good way to end the meal when you are scrambling and digging for change . there are a lot of good diner in the area , so i doubt we will be going back .
one of those place you only hear about from a friend ... tucked in a strip mall ... only open for breakfast and lunch . the local atmosphere surpasses the food and that is a helluva compliment . mixed grill is the choice for breakfast . they will mix and match meat and how you want your egg along with toast . their burger are up there with the best in pittsburgh . a hidden gem . do not miss it .
the best breakfast place by far . i never even liked breakfast food until trying their egg and french toast .
great greasy spoon ! arrived early , around 7:15 am on a weekday . had no trouble finding a seat . just a we were sitting down , a waitress asked if we wanted coffee . of course , and how lovely ! we had a couple of question about the mixed grill size because we did not want too much , a the review here stated that the portion were huge . the waitress wa super nice and answered all of our question . we ended up splitting the half-sized mixed grill , and it wa plenty ! great diner quality , but i think i will try the same dish without the cheese next time-it wa an american cheese , and i do not think the grill needed it . coffee wa always hot , and service wa so quick ! this place is a hot spot ! cash only - be prepared .
wonderful omelet , coffee , and staff ! the price are great and the food is prepared quickly ! veggie omelet with cheese is my favorite !
a lot of food for a great price . been eating here for year . they only take cash so make sure you stop by the atm on your way there !
my friend and i stopped in yesterday for breakfast . we originally came to carnegie to eat at another new breakfast spot , but they had an hour wait and we had some retail therapy to handle stat . gab & eat crossed my mind since i had bookmarked it on yelp.. over 2 year ago . there wa a tiny wait here.. about 2 couple in front of u . finally 2 seat at the bar opened up and we decided to eat there.surprisingly we both ordered the same thing.. mixed grill . mine had sausage link and she decided on bacon . it wa a blast watching all the food being made right before our eye . giant club sandwich , super thick pancake , egg egg and more eggs.. it wa a fun time . the restaurant is literally a hole in the wall but had good customer service and delicious food . my only complaint is that i ordered my mixed grill with cheese . i thought it wa going to be shredded cheddar , but they put 3 slice of american on it . eh i will know better next time .
they have done it again ! excellent little establishment with their home town feeling . mix match coffee mug , smiling waitress , open front diner kitchen feel . went in there in the mood for lunch while my date wa craving breakfast . it is a seat your own kinda establishment , so we found a table at the very far back , sat down and were greater right away and asked if we wanted coffee to start out morning . agreed and both cup were promptly filled and re filled a the meal went along without hesitation . i ordered the hot italian , had fried salami and bologna on it with cheese , dressing , and lettuce ... . bun wa a smidge small for all the goody in it but what is to complain about there ? my date got the bagel sandwich and `` hey rayed '' it ( adding breakfast potato and cole slaw ) it wa amazing and large enough that she now ha lunch a well . i also got a cup the chicken poblano soup , pretty fantastic ! always a great place to travel to , always a good story to listen to when ya strike up a convo with the local , always great and friendly . highly recommend !
this place is great . best ham and cheese inlet i have ever had ! their burger are also delicious . nice flat-top crust on the burger . i only wish they were open for dinner too !
this place is by far the best place for breakfast ... .but today ... i decided to get lunch . { only because it wa lunch time ... but they do serve breakfast at this time , too . } . i got the turkey club on wholewheat ... omg ... it wa delish . too much for me to eat because it came with a large plate of home made french fry . if you are really hungry and do not count calorie ... make a stop here .
old and need remodeling , but the food is good , the worker are very friendly and we love going there ! !
my favorite breakfast joint of all time . awesome coffee , pancake , waffle , sausage ... you name it . the service is what you will expect it to be . : ) love love love this place . you will more then likely have to wait for a seat on a weekend . well worth the wait .
cheap and delicious breakfast ! i know it is strange to say , but they make the best toast . i typically do not eat my toast at breakfast , but here , it is my favorite part . i either get the ham and half waffle or ham , italian toast and 1 egg scrambled . the wait staff is very casual and friendly.just be prepared to go for the food , not the atmosphere .
used to love this place . people are nice and friendly . excellent food great pancake only stopped going after finding a roach in my potato it is a shame the place wa one of my favorite . bit can not go back after that experience
this is our favorite breakfast spot . fast friendly service . you get more than what you pay for . awesome !
my husband and i used to go to gab and eat all of the time , and would always take out of towner here . that last time we went we did something we have never done before and that wa walk out ! my omelet wa not cooked and it wa runny , i asked for cheddar cheese and got american , my husband ordered a medium rare hamburger and got a burnt paper thin patty . when we told the waitress she sent the cook over and he gave u attitude and wa a total jerk . he wanted to put my omelet in the microwave . if i wanted a microwave omelet i would have gone to burger king .
i stopped in here due to a change in luncheon plan . upon arrival the wait to be seated wa horrific ! someone pointed to an empty counter stool so i sat there . i perused the menu fairly quick and decided to order half portion . i had not had a waffle in age and i love home fries.since they both came in half portion i went with those . my waitress made sure i always had a fresh cup of hot tea since i wa sitting near the entrance . it seemed like a long production line to wait for your order but it did not disappoint . when i got my half order i wa overwhelmed at the size ! the waffle wa thick and fluffy and the home fry which bore a resemblance to hash brown were hot and greasy . ketchup is on the counter a well a syrup . yes they use real butter here since i could observe one of the chef using a giant slab of it in preparation of orders.i definitely plan to revisit this place when i have more time to try different thing . my advice would be to prepare to take home a doggy bag since they give huge portion even if they are half size . the best part is that price here are very reasonable and you can get a lot of food for what you order.gab and eat is located in a small strip mall just on the cusp of the entrance to carnegie . it is easy to miss if you are looking for a particular building .
very cute , little dive place ( with an emphasis on little ) . breakfast meal are my favorite . so , i thought everything on the menu looked delicious . i ended up ordering a breakfast bagel sandwich . i could not have made it any better myself . my mom ordered the half portion of the mixed grill which wa a medley of sweet and spicy sausage , egg , home fry , and pepper . i also ordered a half portion of french fry , and they were absolutely perfect . these are my definition of the best kind of french fry . they are fresh cut , with the skin still on them.we were in and out within 30 minute with our stomach full and happy . they only take cash though . so make sure you have some green in your wallet before you stop by .
i would give this a solid one star . let me tell you about my experience ... i walk in to a nasty glare by one of the waitress before seating myself at a table covered in advertisement and a woman throwing menu at u before walking away.the waitress wa a sweet old woman.she wa nice , but hard of hearing and unattentive.here is what i ordered : two egg white scrambled , link , italian toast , and a half order of home fries.here is what i got : two scrambled whole egg , italian toast , and home fries.i addressed the missing link with the waitress and she asked me if i still wanted them . i wa starved by this point and said yes . i heard her to go the chef and ask for them , to which the woman behind the grill screamed , `` for what ? do you have the slip ? where is it ? where doe it say link ? '' in a considerably nasty tone.the egg were mediocre , the home fry were unevenly cooked ( mostly uncooked potato chunk , some practically ash ) , the link were so tasteless i stopped eating them a soon a i recognized i wa full , but the toast wa lovely.the price are ok , but i will prefer a college student is hungover cooking to coming back here.update:30 minute after leaving i got a vicious headache.500 milligram of acetaminophen later , my headache ha gotten worse , new unpleasant symptom have come along , and i may have contracted food poisoning.update 2 : i have food poisoning . 100 % definitely food poisoning . i have not eaten anything but pretzel rod and nutrition bar before breakfast here since 1pm the day before . i obviously have not eaten since . there is actually no other place i could have contracted it .
breakfast wa real good . toast wa great . 3 of u all liked our food . plus got sandwich to go . lot of food for a reasonable price . may have to wait to be seated . great small diner . will return again .
trash.if you have got time to explain to me for 2 minute why you are too busy to take a to-go order , you have got time to write down my order and start making it . guess who wa not too busy , carnegie coffee company down the street .
best i can say is that it is ok . very small and compact . i went with my one and a half year old daughter and the booth are so crammed in that there is no room for high chair ( pretty sure they do not even have high chair ) . they did have booster seat , but it wa not ideal.food wa ok . nothing special . i had sausage and cheese omlette and got a pancake for my daughter . again , just ok.it wa hot in there and i do not think they have ac . there wa a fan in front , but that did little for u who where sitting in the back.this place is cash only . i did not see anything on my way in stating that , but i could have missed it . it doe not say cash only anywhere inside or on the menu either . there is an atm , but it ha a $ 2 charge to use . can not believe a place in 2016 doe not take cards.probably will not ever go back since there are similar breakfast place closer to where i live that are more kid friendly , have better food and ac and accept more than just cash .
sometimes you just do not need a fancy shmancy over-priced frilly frittata-ed brunch to get the job done . sometimes you just want a greasy spoon diner that know how to fry up some good breakfast.i love this place . the booth are falling apart , the waitress are not overly nice , and it is chaotic . but i can design my perfect breakfast because they serve half waffle and single french toast ! i hate having to choose between sweet and savory breakfast and , at gab & eat , you do not have to . everything i have eaten here ha been very good . waffle = gooood . sausage patties= gooood . mixed grill = gooooood . pepper , onion , sausage , cheese , and potato omelet = so so so good . you really can not go wrong here . it is a great place for cheap eats !
barb is country junction get a 5 star rating for me because it is truly everything that a pittsburgh restaurant should be . in addition to being the apple of my nostalgia is eye , it is also the constant thought of my tummy when i am hungry on the weekend . barb is breakfast can not be beat , but truly any meal you get there you will not regret . everything is made to order , with fair portion , and great price . my recommendation is a breakfast sandwich on a bagel and a coffee . there is nothing better than drinking from a cup that could have come from your grandma is kitchen.i know that gab n eat is nearby , and barb is can be a little weird get to with the strange traffic pattern but this really is a gem of carnegie that you have got ta try !
great little place . treat you like a local.eaten here 3 time a week for a month . same overtime . barb is always here .
this is a great place to eat and everyone is so friendly . i live right down the street from here but unfortunately , i have only gone a once . trust me , i will go here more often . the food is great , price are low , and the staff are friendly . my cousin and i wanted a place to eat and catch up and this wa perfect place . i will go here more often .
my first time going to barb is country junction and i really wanted to like this place , i really did ... however , i didn't.the food wa decent , some wa above average and some below but it wa overall decent . i got pancake , bacon and egg . the pancake were really good and fluffy , the home fry were simply okay and the egg were not cooked well . my son had a burger and it wa good . the coffee at this place wa brewed to perfection which a appreciate . i would give the food 3/5.the service wa subpar for sure . while our waitress wa a really nice girl , she wa not on top of anything at all . had to ask for coffee refill , had to ask for silverware , for napkin ... etc . she got the order messed up and so on . i give the service 2/5.the inside of the place had some country charm a you will expect but want particularly cleanly . it also had a leaky roof in several place which had bucket collecting the water . a customer even tripped over the bucket and fell . i give the interior 2/5.the price were decent . i fed my whole family breakfast ( 3 of u ) for $ 23 . i give the price 3/5.so in summary , you can get okay food here for a rather cheap price but it is not a great place to dine in by any mean . there are better diner in the area that i will patronize in the future rather than barb is .
we go to barb is every weekend and have for the past 3 year . the food is great , the price are better , and the coffee is the best ! try the barb wire omlette or the chocolate chip pancake !
my husband and i tried this place for the first time today . it wa easy to find and no problem with parking . it is `` seat yourself '' , but there were no sign stating this , so we stood there looking like fool for a minute . it took awhile for the waitress to acknowledge u and i am guessing that this wa barb . she apologized and said that one of her worker called off today . no big deal and her apology wa appreciated . she came back with our drink , dropped them off , and left again . we did not see her for another 20 minute . ultimately , we were there for 30 minute before she took our order . this wa aggravating to me . i do not mind waiting for my food if i know it is going to be awesome and they are making it with love , but come on now . we ordered the hot pepper omelette/home fries/ toast and chocolate chip pancakes/sausage . the food wa alright , really nothing special . a new waitress ended up taking care of u and she wa much more attentive . we may or may not go back .
i love this place ! barb is such an amazing person , so down to earth and everything is homemade !
never very busy . food is great but sometimes take a bit longer than other place , worth the wait though !
for the price i ended up paying , this place wa fine . there wa a full kitchen , king bed and tv . i wa just surprised at the lack of amenity at the hotel . while i have stayed at other extended stay hotel , i wa surprised to find a sign in the room at this one stating that you only got your room cleaned once per week ... if you wanted it more often than that you would have to pay for it . if you needed fresh towel , you will have to go to the main desk to get them . they also only provided a small bar of soap in the room ... not the typical soap , shampoo , lotion , etc . this did not bother me too much a i wa only staying a couple day but again i found it surprising not to have these basic thing . the hotel in general wa easy to get to and very easy to get back onto to freeway from . the hotel wa clean and the people who worked there were very nice .
great value , close drive to city , not much to do around hotel , it a business park . carnegie city ha a few bar and restaurant .
simplerusticlocalwait that is every gordon ramsey reviewmy experience at extended stay america wa great . the staff wa warm and friendly and made it a point to speak to me every morning a i left and when i returned in the evening . they went out of their way to provide a confirmation and point me in the direction of restaurant and nightspot when needed . if i ever need to utilize an extended stay hotel i would not hesitate to head back there .
i have stayed at a couple of extended stay site that i found quite satisfactory and this location proved to be just a good . excellent place to stay while visiting pittsburgh . it is just a five minute drive to downtown . location is in a business park area so it is quiet . the room contain a nice kitchenette area with a full sized refrigerator , sink , cabinet and two burner . there is no oven which i expected a the description all state `` full kitchen '' so be aware of that . also they do not keep the dish , pot and pan , coffee maker , toaster or utensil in the room . if you want them you have to request them at the desk during check in . the room wa clean and well maintained . cable tv quality is spotty sometimes but not intolerable . the free wifi is usually fast . the best part about this location wa the staff . the people at the desk were all very pleasant and welcoming and quite willing to assist with any question or issue with a smile . i would definitely stay at this location again and highly recommend it .
tonya is super sweet and the front desk people are very helpful
front desk get 4 startshowever , if you are looking for a good night of sleep , you may not get it . the refrigerator made a lot of noise at night every time the compress kicked on . likewise with the air conditioner . if you did not bring a hair dryer , you will have to get it at the front desk . there is a sofa bed but no extra pillow nor blanket .
thomas darbyi will never stay at this extended stay america due to the fact that we were there in october , 2015 and had an awful stay ! room wa only cleaned one time after asking three time when it would be cleaned . there wa absolutely nothing in the supposedly full kitchen , 2 wash clothes , 2 hand towel and 2 towel . we had to take used wash clothes and towel to front desk every day to receive fresh one . the toilet ran over and the heater did not work until we decided to leave . we were over charged after booking through hotels.com and had to put up a $ 100.00 deposit . for what ? never again will we stay there ! ! ! ! !
visiting from california i stayed in motel 6 for two day and i wa not happy with it . motel 6 did not even had a shampoo . my boyfriend encouraged me to stay in this hotel where i can cook instead of spending money at restaurant . only regret i have is i should have stayed here instead of motel 6 . i wa able to stay 1 night 2 day . and i honestly loved it . they even had iron and board that wa useful . they also gave me military discount .
we traveled to pittsburgh for a wedding and chose to stay at this extended stay . the photo were nice , and the review were decent . front desk staff is very friendly and the room ha spacious and laid out well and that is about it . the room wa non smoking , which is clear that no one ever followed that rule . it stank so bad of smoke in there that when i came home , i had to wash my clean clothes because they smelled of smoke a well . not to mention my allergy were in full effect . the bathroom wa so inconvenient to get in and out of . the door opened to about 1cm from the toilet so you have to wedge yourself between the door and sink . breakfast wa pathetic . there wa a row of fruit and a row of store bought muffin and a couple thing of coffee , that is it . i will be sure to spend my money elsewhere next time .
room were great big , bathroom is very hard to get out of like other review have stated . i never remembered getting breakfast at extended stay thanks because you really do not coffee and granola bar is it . the staff wa awesome and very helpful ! the only reason 5 star were not given is because we stayed here because of convince to pittsburgh well the freeway is currently closed june 2016 so it took u 30 minute through neighborhood and windy little road to get in and out of hotel . wish we were notified before ! otherwise great stay and clean room !
i have said it on other site and will repeat here . you must try their burger . they are juicy and delicious with a bun that is perfect . another must are the fry with guinness gravy and if you have not had enough go for the ultimate sleeper , leek and potato soup . authentic black & tan . harp and murphy on tap . it do not get no better . this is a true gem my friend .
let me start.. the service wa a little sketchy , but the beer wa cold and the food wa amazing . i would recommend paddy is to anyone .
be warned . do not expect the best service ever . it is not the cleanest place you have been in either . the decor is soccer jersey from place and team you have probably never heard of . it is divey , eclectic , and authentic . if you are looking for good irish food and a cold pint , you can not go wrong at the pour house . like most of carnegie is main st , this is a hidden gem worth seeking out . they have some of the best irish food i have had in pittsburgh- the colcannon is awesome and the shepherd is pie is out of this world . if you are not looking for irish food , then try the grilled cheese- and make sure you ask it with the three cheese together . it is big and the cheese is thick and gooey . i get it with a side of potato pancake ... yum . also , they have guinness , smithwicks and harp on tap ...
if i could give this place le than one star , i would . i have no idea who gave this place high review but they must either own the place or be time traveler from back in the day when this place might not have sucked . the decor is tired and grimy , the place reeked of smoke , and the bartender/server wa surly , to put it mildly . we went there on a saturday night with a mind to try the irish food . apparently , we were out of luck . i have always thought that the secret of restaurant success is to actually stock food for people to eat . he told u before we ordered that they had no `` pie '' . no chicken pot pie , no shepherd pie , etc . so , we gamely tried to order other thing . we placed our order . my wife , for example , ordered the irish stew and he came back 5 min later telling u they were out of that and even more thing for several people in our party . at that point my wife picked out a third option , ham and cabbage , only to be told again that `` they were out '' . at that point , realizing that the only food to be had in the place wa what wa crusted on the menu , we asked to pay for our drink and left . they actually then gave u flack for not having enough to put it on a debit card . in short , unless you like your dinner with a side of disappointment and depression , i will probably avoid this place like the plague . speaking of the plague , i suppose we should thank mr. surly for inspiring u to walk out . i only have two bathroom at my house and would have been hard pressed to accommodate several violently ill people at once .
best irish food in the burgh . great bar food too . the service is maybe a bit surly and it is not the cleanest , nor the best decor . but , that is not what this place is about . it is a town irish bar and it serf great solid irish fare and suds to the local . and it doe it better than anyone . i go back again and again .
it look so much better in here since they changed from paddy is to riley is . it is a shame , however , that they had to keep that same curmudgeon of a bartender that ruin the experience . can somebody notify me once they get rid of him ?
okay , so hopefully you have not been enjoying happy hour @ riley is pour house before you read this or you might not be able to follow the lilting irish owner . to recap : murphy is pour house from 1979-1985 . sullivan is pour house from 1995-2002 . paddy is pour house from 2002-2012 . and , bagpipe please , riley is pour house open march 1 of 2012 . still with me ? it is a tiny long bar just like the old irish pub . no more smoking allowed . hurrah ! ! ! same lousy service . my guess is that the entire place need ( no , strike that ... . demand ) an automated food/beverage ticketing system . none of the cook , bartender , or waitress know who ordered what nor what ticket belongs to which table . it is actually pretty funny if you are not a ) hungry or b ) thirsty . i really really want this place to do better . we need more irish pub and local old time watering hole . get it together , murphy is ... er , i mean sullivan is ... .er , i mean paddy is or is it riley is ? ; ) . whatever the case , they have cold guinness . and irish music . and fun patron .
the delivery driver mistakenly rang my doorbell , having confused 133 and 113.rather than taking a step back and analyzing the situation , he begin to accuse my wife and i of ordering and refusing to pay for this pizza.the driver then get on his cell phone and rather than calling the number than wa given when the order wa placed , begin to call his boss and start threatening me with felony charge . so i take the initiative and ask the fine upstanding gentleman what the phone number of the order-er wa , phone my neighbor and discover the mistake . rather than a thank you or a sorry , he just speed off ( breaking the speed limit on our block ) to reach his destination 50 foot away.i would call to complain , but based on the other review , it clear the owner do not care about carnegie or it is resident , and it pretty well known around town just how awful their food is , so it would be pointless to boycott a place i will never order from again anyway.do yourself a favor and order from any other establishment in town .
3/6/12 visit - i am from san francisco bay area and if u want a dive go to china town in san francisco . - this place wa dirty like chinatown dive but some of the best food i have every tasted came from a dive . the food wa really good and my group ordered a bunch of different thing it wa all good- a- taste.- price are reasonable a- . -- -- -- -- they dont speak english very good and got my order wrong.sweet potatoe fry a+pizza - aeggplant hoagie b+greek salad b+gyro a+if they scrubbed the place down and the lady spoke better english 4 star ****
recommended . 16 inch pizza on special wa cheap . fast service . not the best pizza but above average .
some of the worst pizza i have ever had . we used a coupon from the paper for a 2 topping 8 cut sicilian . first of all the pizza wa not even cut through , and the sad attempt at cutting wa so uneven that 4 of the slice were about an inch wide , while the others were about 4 '' each . the topping were scarce , they used mini pepperoni and put maybe 8 on the whole pizza . the onion were huge chunk and the mushroom were straight from a can . the worst part though wa the thick doughy crust that tasted more like a fishy sourdough roll . i am serious ... it wa so noticeable that it made me wonder if the dough wa bad or if they for some weird reason put fish sauce in it . it wa gross . we also ordered steak and italian hoagy . the veggie were old and wilted , and there wa no dressing on either . the italian had deli meat that wa clearly bottom of the line and not very generous . the `` steak '' ( if you an call it that ) wa greyish instead of brown and looked like it wa a processed meat chopped into piece . no flavor or seasoning and the texture wa reminiscent of spam . it wa so bad that i only ate 1/4 of it and tossed the rest . i have ordered from here in the past and always been disappointed . i thought i would give them another try since i will never ordered a sicilian pizza from there . what a mistake . i will never order from them again !
having certain business with skill set in your local neighborhood is important . i try to keep it a local a possible , so when i heard about a tailor in carnegie i wa intrigued . the building is in a strip mall across from carnegie coffee company . unassuming , look like it is closed all the time , until you do a drive by and see the hour posted . there is a latino man in his 20 is working when you arrive . in my mind , i imagine a tailor to be older , kind of like my grandfather maybe with measuring tape around his neck ( textbook movie tailor ) , so i wa a bit trepidatious about dropping off my clothing . he asks you to go change into a closet ( yes , a closet to change in with one lightbulb ) but all my worry aside , the moment he started working on my item i knew he wa the real deal . he learned from his father at the age of 14 how to sew . and he doe thing the correct way . meaning , for example- i took in a pair of khaki all the way down to the cuff , but he seamed them up to look exactly the way they were when i first bought them . most placed will have bulge and pucker . the rest of my item were just a perfect . very inexpensive at $ 10 for a pair of pant to adjust the hem . the item were done in a timely manner . he take his business very seriously . while i wa there , i watched a lady rush in and demand 6 shirt to be altered in an hour , and he did it and charged the same price . really nice guy , please go and support this business to keep him around town !
new to area and decided to pay this shop a visit ! it wa definitely the best experience i have ever had with a tailor . he is much cheaper than the other shop , he charge 10 while others charge $ 15 , and he go above and beyond for what he charges.i dropped off 4 jean , and he hemmed and tapered the jean ! i could not even tell the difference between the store bought jean and the quality of his work . it wa absolutely perfect , no bulge or pucker ! they the match the exact stitch a the factory . absolutely a great guy , they were all done and waiting for me a promised ! i will definitely be taking all of my business to this place , and would highly recommend to anyone who is looking for a personal tailor who actually care about his work and building an honest business .
i needed alteration done to my suit very quickly . like three day quickly . not only did filberto at alteration world have it ready , the price wa beyond reasonable and the work wa excellent ! i plan on bringing all my clothes to him from now on.oh and he let me know that they also dry-clean . wonderful shop !
this is the best alteration place i have been to . the guy that owns it is extremely helpful and work fast . also , the price are so reasonable i wonder how he stay in business . he wa able to do an alteration on short notice and wa very acommodating . the alteration i needed done -- and fast -- wa right in the middle of prom season . all the other place i called gave me a several week wait , but he took me right away . i will be back !
i just needed a broken zipper replaced on my favorite penguin fleece jacket and a pair of suit pant hemmed . the price wa very reasonable and the work done wa great . i will go back for all my tailoring need and highly recommend if you need any done .
so happy i found this place ! i am new to the pittsburgh area and wa not sure if it wa worth driving to carnegie to come here , but yelp convinced me . it wa completely worth the trip ! since it would have been a long trip to come back , the guy at alteration world finished my work ( patching a hole on a pair of jean ) in le than half an hour ( i killed time at an adorable coffee shop across the street ) and exactly a i had specified . oh , and the price wa extremely reasonable a well . thanks yelp for another great find !
my bridesmaid dress alteration were perfect . i would not hesitate to come back for alteration or dry cleaning .
the service , quality , and speed of alteration world are incredible ! i have had suit and pant altered here and have been thoroughly impressed by the work . everything ha fit perfectly and the work wa quality . i will be returning here exclusively for my tailoring need and have referred many customer already . if you need anything altered ( or even something custom made ) , do not hesitate to go to alteration world .
i have taken thing here before and loved how `` reasonably priced '' they are . my most resent experience here wa so horrible my family and i will never go back . the business is not run the way it ha been in the past . i took a dress that needed taken in in the back and around the neck . when i went to pick it up it wa not even ready then to find out the next day that i wa being charged $ 60 . my family and i have been coming here for a few year and never ever spent anything even remotely close to $ 60 worth on alteration . my mom came down to pick up two thing right before and and her total wa $ 25 ... not only are the price extremely inconsistent when i finally got the dress the neck wa still way too loose and the zipper did not go up all the way i had to pin the dress myself and wear it with safety pin to a wedding . i wa not able to get my money back because apparently `` it wa not his fault '' and he told me not to worry about it . this is probably the worst business in carnegie . is it possible to give zero star ?
are you are really looking at the review for ljs ? it fried stuff , with extra fried stuff in a cardboard boat . you will regret eating it 30 minute after you finish , but it is delicious .
i agree with paul on this one . but i had to stop here on my way home from work tonight . ( i think i feel my heart yelling at me again ) , the gal at the drive thru window wa just soooo sweet , i just might go back and ask her to marry me ! but then again , she gave me a slip with a survey on it to fill out online . maybe she just wanted my positive response . ok sarah b. you got it ... now where is my free coke ?
it is deep fried garbage ... .it is los c'mon what do you expect ... ..however i have never had better , friendlier service at a fast food restaurant .
i love ljs and have to agree , service wa decent here . i tried a piece of my kid is chicken ( i only ever get the fish for myself ) and wa pleasantly surprised to find white breast meat ( same chicken texture a chick fil a ) . a little grimy dining room , and the bathroom handle is broken 8/2015 ... it would be nice if they made it an a & w-ljs but as-is still work for me .
i love ljs , but i had to write a review regarding this particular location . the inside is very dated and appears to be poorly cared for . it smelled like burnt fish when we walked in the door . it took about 15 min for the food , so i figured it wa gon na be all fresh ... negative ! the fish wa old and cold and fry were a very soft . the corn lacked butter.i did not care for the onion ring and my boyfriend said the coleslaw tasted spoiled.the chicken plank and hushpuppy were the only thing edible . service wa not too bad - nice people . too bad a whole bunch of fly started flying around the dining area and prep area , which ruined my appetite .
by far the worst most unprofessional dentist i have ever experienced her staff is too busy watching soap opera on all the tv in each room instead of cleaning and she gave me a filling which wa too deep which could have been understandable a her son had his picture delivered from hawaii and she had to stop 3 time to pay for them and show her whole staff all of them must be nice to have a 14 year old go to hawaii on her mom dime and have her patience wait to see all of this happen i had to have oral surgery and have the tooth removed because she put the filling in too deep an abscessed tooth wa the result i would not recommend her to an ex girlfriend or someone i hate because of the three month of extreme tooth pain i had to deal with because of her lack of care and follow through even after i called and asked them for advice and follow up they simply could care le and did not even offer to reschedule an appointment other than prescribing me vicodin and antibiotic do not recommend and do not go to her license should be pulled ! !
when i moved to the area , dr. weinberg wa recommended to me by my cousin who had been a client for year . i have had nothing but positive experience with her and her staff since seeing her two year ago . the team is professional , nice and courteous . i recently had to reschedule an appointment due to a last minute work thing and they were very accommodating . my daughter look forward to coming to the dentist so that is saying something . i do wish they would turn off fox news in the lobby a i will rather watch paint dry but ... nobody is perfect .
in all fairness - i did not see this dentist but did schedule an appointment and waited 15 minute for them to open.when i look at yelp review , i usually weed out the outlier ( the best and the worst ) . unfortunately , there are only two reviews.it wa my first time at the office . the office admin ( very nice ) asked for me to come early ( before 9am ) to complete paperwork . i arrived at 8:50 . i waited . i watched 2 employee walk by me ( unlocked the door and re-locked it ) . they did not acknowledge me.the door i wa at had signage ( open hour ) . i decided to leave because of a review where the staff seemed distracted or disinterested in my presence.the office admin ( very nice ) called me to inform i am missing my appointment . i explained to her that there were too many indication where this wa not going to be a good fit and wished her the best of luck.i recommend if you see this dentist you go to the front door ( furthest away from the parking lot ) for the entrance.poor recommendation because the staff who walked by me seemed to be distracted which wa pointed out in a previous review .
i have been to this office a good amount of time . each time the receptionist give of a vibe of entitlement and it is very uncomfortable . dr. weinberg herself is very nice , but i doubt her ability . every procedure she ha done to my teeth ha backfired . the third and last issue i have is that i always paid cash at the end of my visit and somehow i have received an invoice for $ 55 . i called and of course the receptionist wa sassy and rude so i gave up . will never go back or refer anyone else
my family ( husband and 3 young child ) have been seeing dr. weinberg for a few year . we have never had an issue . she is great with the kid , even my 6 year old who ha autism . scheduling and rescheduling appts is `` fine '' , the wait time is fine , the care is fine . basically i have had no issue , but i have not had my sock blown off either . it is the dentist , it is what it is . i do find the dentist to be a bit frazzle , but we have never had an issue .
all i need to say is that my 6 year old could not wait to see dr. weinberg and her staff ! not only are they professional and kind , they have made my child have a life time of good oral health care ! this busy mom love that they can provide two appointment , at the same time . i can not imagine having a better family dentist !
just moved to the area and needed a dentist after getting my front tooth chipped playing hockey . she did an amazing job at fix my tooth and cleaned up the front teeth while doing it . i wa able to get in and have my tooth fixed within a few day of it happening . i have gotten a few filling a well after my chip wa fixed . the doctor is great and so are the staff . i would recommend going here .
don don is a restaurant i find myself missing now and again , it is probably my favorite restaurant in carnegie . simple setup , just a small restaurant with a few table and a tv . oddly enough i think my favorite thing to eat there is the wonton soup , never had better . the food is average but i always enjoyed eating there , great service and a cheap place to get chinese food .
take it from me ; avoid this place at all cost . the only time i go is when i am starved and do not have the energy to cook or get edible food . and then after i have been kicking myself .
don don is atleast a good a ( although i personally happen to think better than ) the majority of inexpensive chinese place best equiped for delivery and take out . i have frequented many similar establishment in different part of thecountry , and have also spent a few year in japan . sound odd , but they have some amazing chinese food out there .
far away from real chinese food . doe not even taste good a american style chinese food .
i used to order takeout here once every month or so . the food taste average and the price is good . it is your typical low-end chinese place . the last ( and final ) time i ordered here i just so happened to be picking up my order while a health inspector from allegheny county health department wa making his round . while i wa waiting on my food ( which took much longer than usual ) the inspector wa pointing out violation . he also requested a copy of a certificate that the man behind the register wa unable to produce . the inspector looked at me like i wa crazy for waiting on my food despite the obvious poor condition . a for the rest of the place - it is always been kind of dirty inside . the carpet are just filthy and the wall match . there are always child is toy scattered about the floor because the owner child are always there , so be careful not to trip . the worker do seem like nice people just trying to make a living but when it come to cleanliness don don is lacking .
delicious singapore noodle and seafood delight . crispy flavorful crab rangoon , and cold sesame noodle done well ( but could have used a bit more sauce ) . excellent real chinese food , friendly service . restaurant ambience : high school cheap date quality .
i came here with two friend prior to visiting apis meadery next door this past weekend . i ordered the general tso is chicken , and my friend ordered the sesame chicken , crab rangoon , and another appetizer ( egg roll ? ) . they ordered the combo with le meat , and i ordered the one with more -- the name were very similar , which i found confusing . the food took quite a while to come up ( ~15 min . ) , so i will suggest calling ahead if you are in a rush . while we were waiting , the woman behind the counter yelled at someone over the phone in chinese , and then at a guy who came in to pick up food for delivery ( probably the same person ) .to be honest , i am not much of a fan of americanized chinese cuisine ( i lived in singapore for 3 mo . and have visited hong king and japan ) ; it is been awhile since i have had it , and this dish reminded me why . i do not care for the overbearing sweetness and thickness of the sauce , nor do i care for the pre-cut meat in the dish ( i like to cut up my own meat , thank you very much ) , so the flavor and texture do not do much for me . having said that , my friend claimed this wa the best americanized chinese fare they will had in pgh ( and they live in squirrel hill ! ) , so if you are a fan of this cuisine , you can take that into consideration.if nothing else , this meal provided u with some much-needed food to absorb the alcohol from the mead , which i appreciated .
i use to order here fairly often . the past 2 year their food ha been getting progressively worse every time i order . it doe not help that the owner that always is at the register is so rude to me every time . i finally decided that i am done . i do not think i should feel let an inconvenience when ordering food from a restaurant . let alone one that the food is not even that good . also the inside is dirty a heck . they can deliver food in a bmw but they can not buy a scrub brush ? i have found golden dragon in collier square is 100 time better then don don .
we visited don don chinese restaurant in carnegie a while back because we had the entertainment book coupon for buy one dinner get one complimentary dinner.we ordered 2 regular dinner . at the end when we went to check out and pay , the owner refused to honor the entertainment book coupon and offered a fruit cup instead , which we refused . the food wa acceptable , but refusing to accept the entertainment book coupon wa not acceptable . needle to say , we never returned .
i took my sick cat here and they charged me $ $ $ $ for blood work and then never called me with result . i had to chase down the result and finally spoke to a different vet than the one who examined my cat . he said my cat `` absolutely did not have hyperthyroid '' . they said my cat is problem were behavioral and were rude and dismissive of my concern . i finally took my cat to another vet who diagnosed him with hyperthyroidism . i am trying medication now and i hope the illness ha not progressed too far . otherwise i will have to have him put to sleep . do not take your cat here .
i had gone here year ago and hated it . the doctor were not very nice or caring . however , i wa not happy with my current vet and decided to give the place another chance because i saw that all of the veterinarian had changed and the location is so convenient for me . i am so happy i did ! the doctor wa great . we saw dr. martinovich after we adopted our new dog . she wa so wonderful with him . she clearly love animal . she wa gentle with him and very thorough . the cost wa higher than i had hoped but for the experience , i did not mind . i will absolutely go back and plan on taking both of my cat here at some point a well . very pleased ! great place. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -update : every single time we have gone to this place we have been satisfied . seen quickly and gotten great care for our pet . dr. lasota is wonderful ! we will not ever be going anywhere else if we can help it !
went for breakfast on 6/16/14 . we received very good service and meal came within a few minutes.waitress could have smiled more but wa friendly . i had a grand slam ... it wa more than enough food . meal wa very tasty ... we will definitely go back . it is a popular denny is .
i love their stake and i come here every week just to get the t bone steak , it is completely delicious ! great atmosphere , there is always a lot people and the waiter are nice ; food portion is great a well !
perfect time with hubby , after work which is 4 am and you can still have a hot nice meal , waitress wa such an adorable girl . her arm wa broken or smth but she still dis a great job ! strawberry lemonade wa just smth i have been craving for for so long but did not know what it wa : ) strawberry milkshake , nacho and t bone steak is smth we never stop ordering ! it always nice when u go late at night like u , it is not crowded , not noisy , nice music playing and always nice people around . if you want smth quick and it is late at night then i would say denny is !
this location never disappoints ! ! food is always consistently great , and if you come at the right time , ( witching hour ) you may see the cook singing and dancing along with the music in the back . and it is awesome ! ! love this place ! !
dude ... it is denny is . it is excellent drunk food , packed on sunday morning , not very good.. but not really bad either . it is denny is . when you walk into a denny's.. you know exactly what you are getting into . why the heck are you even reading review about a denny is ? that is like looking for review on an ice cream truck , you are getting the same thing no matter which one you choose .
excellent food , good service too i have had several different dish here and all have been excellent
chose denny is for a very late ( 1:30pm ) sunday brunch . no wait . quickly greeted and served . i ordered the half size of moon over my hammy . it wa just the right amount of food for me , and the hash brown were delicious ! only thing lacking wa frank is red hot : - ) son and husband very pleased with their meal , can not remember the name but see pic . patron next to u gave u $ 5 off $ 20 check , so our total came to $ 16 ! would go back again for a casual meal .
i like the food at denny is more than meal served at pricier restaurant . my favorite is the bourbon chicken skillet . even though it is not advertised a being gluten-free , it doe not have any ingredient containing wheat- just chicken , potato , and broccoli in a yummy jack daniel sauce . both eat n park and max and erma is have gone downhill in the past few year , but the food at denny is ha gotten better .
this is the best denny is in the area . friendly , fast , good food . other denny is pale in comparison to this location .
got seated right away and the staff wa very pleasant . one of the cleaner denny is i have been to . i ordered a burger , fry , and a shake and all were really good and cooked just right.denny is ha always been one of my favorite casual dining restaurant , so this one is worth a visit when you are in the area .
i am sorry to give any star ... 15 minute for a cup of coffee , while waitress flitted around ... waited another 10 minute and after 25 minute of sitting there with the menu closed..i left . coffee and water untouched . waitress wa too busy telling the customer in the next booth about her daughter almost wedding . do not waste your time or money at this denny is . service is horrible and waitress are the worst ... food usually is not great..but i can not speak for this visit ... 25 minute and no one wanted to take my order . p ... king had a great breakfast that day ... service wa great ... only about 1.5 mile down the road .
i belong to this gym ... i live in the south section of pittsburgh , and i find that this gym is not too far from me . the staff is friendly , the equipment is quite good . you get two free personal training session when you join . they have lot of weight ( which my boyfriend us ) and a decent cardio room . the only thing i would say is to increase some of the cardio equipment . water is only $ 1 a bottle !
i bought a three month membership last year , mainly to attend the silver sneaker class . i wa in my early sixty and had not exercised in a while . i tried the evening class but they were very crowded and difficult , so i tried a morning class for senior . i like to stretch out before my class actually start , so i went to the tail end of a yoga class . the woman in this class were very nasty to me and told me that i wa not welcome to stretch out in their class . i never went back thanks to the attitude of the other member . i did not feel welcome here . i complained to the manager , who said that i wa welcome to stretch out in whatever class i wanted to , but the hostility of these yoga student wa very evident . do they think that this is their private gym ?
this is a gym , that part is true.but it is not well maintained . it is dingy and the locker room are abysmal , basically unusable . there is a pretty wide range of equipment , but not enough of it to really go around . if you are into free weight , that area is larger , but over crowded and very dungeony ( personally i go for that , just saying ) .the place must have a really conservative owner a well , because all the tv play fox news all day long . if you ask the staff for another channel , they will get around to changing it about half the time , the other half of the time you will be ignored and forced to watch a bunch of awful talking head tell you lie the entire time you are trying to run or lift . part of the problem is that the owner is cheap and not paying for cable where he can change the channel on the tv individually . they are linked to one box only.the place also let a whole ton of personal trainer basically do whatever they want . this mean that the area set aside for abdominal exercise , stretching , the rock climbing wall ( which i have never once seen turned on or used ) is over crowded with a punch of really out of shape people who are mostly carrying on conversation with their incredibly beefy personal trainer , because hey , the trainer is getting paid either way , if you want to waste your time chatting , they do not mind .
i really like this gym . it is nice neighborhood gym and unlike big gym they do not have big contract and they have flexible membership . great selection of class . all the instructor are very good knowledgable and motivating . all the staff working there are super nice . their selection of the equipment is good too ! !
i spoke to a man this morning about the ice covered parking lot and sidewalk , a a business is liable to their customer if someone wa to slip and fall due to negligence on the business is part . he told me good luck and that i am liable to just be careful because everywhere is icy . after two year at this gym i am fed up with the way they treat their customer . he told me he wa fed up with me since i gave him a hard time about being out of towel a few week ago ( which they have had towel since then ) . they never clean the parking lot in the winter so make sure you wear boot outside and do not crash your car . aside from that , this gym is well just that a gym . my biggest critic ( aside from rude management and negligence ) would have to be that they do not encourage sanitization outside of the cardio room . there are not towel and spray around the weight machine , which i have never had an issue with , but i will hate to see that happen . i always make sure to at least wipe off my sweat mark from the machine , cause well that will be pretty nasty . it is pretty large in term of size and space to do anything aside from the ordinary weight and cardio . the worker well they are mostly young and do not really care too much ( the man who told me i wa wrong wa older and possibly a manager or owner ) . they tend to not keep on top of the wash with the towel even when it is not busy , which can be pretty annoying . their cardio room always ha fox news on two tv and then the middle tv ha sport center on regardless of what else is on tv . they recently have not even been putting pen game and stuff on . must be too busy watching the 52 inch screen they have in the lobby for the worker while the cardio room ha max 32 in the middle and 24 on the side probably . if i had to pay full price for my membership i probably would not belong here , but it is through my insurance . that said i do not swipe my card like most people in the front on my own . the machine is behind the counter . one guy always show me how to do it myself , which wa helpful the first time cause people are not always around the front desk . that said when he is standing behind there chatting i would expect him to do it since it is his job . this gym is nothing state of the art fancy fancy , but do you really need a fancy looking gym ? their cardio room is pretty massive and even at peak hour i have never had a problem getting a treadmill or elliptical . they actually even have two hellix trainer , which are not super common yet . sometimes when thing go out of order they take a while to fix them . i have run into the owner or manager one time in the bathroom when someone let a sink over floor and asked if i should tell the guy at the desk and she said oh no they are useless . this gym make a killing from a ) class b ) it is convenient and c ) their personal training is a separate company ( warrior fitness ) . i have been meaning to sign up for a trainer and i always see them busy . they all seem awesome and very helpful and challenging . not sure if they have a separate yelp page , but i would say from what i have seen they will bust your as for sure !
a a member for now 8 year i can honestly say , i have never had a negative experience at amerifit ! the owner and staff could not be more accommodating and strive for member satisfaction . the owner not only run the business but personally fix machine when needed , interacts with the member , and also personally salt and plow the parking lot when needed in the winter himself . there is another review on here stating the lot did not have any attention after which wa the largest ice storm we have had in year . i would like to state i wa sitting by the counter the day this lady came in upset and unnecessarily yelling at the front desk employee about the lot . the owner wa out there every couple hour doing the best he could to tame the condition of the lot . however on that day i believe everyone is car on the road turned into a snow sled including my own . if you truly felt in danger being on the road that day , you probably should of just stayed at home or a work.i love the fact the owner take pride in his business and is extremely hand on with the maintenance of the building . amerifit ha such a welcoming , no intimidation , home-like feel which is what i believe make this place so special and unique and ha kept my loyal membership for the last 8 year .
this is review rating may not be for everyone.amerifit is a gym where many serious body builder work out . this is an anti-planet fitness ( there are no pizza day ) . this place is where private personal trainer take on client who do not have an affiliation with planet fitness . you can pay $ 5 per day if you want to meet occasionally.what the casual person may see upon entering : you will hear lot of grunting and weight being dropped . do not be intimidated . the folk ( men and lady ) are doing this for competition ( usually ) .the place may seem run down ( older weight / machine ) . do not let this deceive you . the place may seem small . again - do not let this deceive you . they have smaller room / areas.they do have class upstairs that seem pretty intense ( not my cup of tea ) .why 4 stars:1 . i followed my trainer ( which mean i chose my trainer at a location where we could work out ) . my previous trainer were great but i did not necessarily like the gym ( too crowded or not enough room to work out ) .2 . equipment variety . example - cardio equipment . usually when you go into a gym , you will have a treadmill , a stepper , a recumbent bike , bike , elliptical ) - all one type . amerifit provides a variety of machine such a cybex . cybex is your traditional elliptical but you can control the elevation a well . they also have machine that will simulate ice skating3 . intensity - you do see people seriously working out . this can either motivate or intimidate you . it motivates me . i can also see folk doing exercise correctly.4 . the folk are nice . all the associate i have met are very nice.i apologize to the serious body builder for writing this review , but i think this is a very good secret to share . find you a trainer , meet him/her at amerifit , and workout . this is not a chain gym where everything is new with standard ( usually leased ) equipment .
i brought my husband and my parent all to papa j is last time my husband and i were in pittsburgh . my parent are really picky about their italian food , usually they drive place in east bumf* @ ( tarentum , ligonier ... ) to get their capital i-talian.my pop is kinda grumbly , and getting him to try something new is like pulling teeth . the only reason i got him here wa becuase they were on their way to drop u at the airport.well , my dad go back now regularly and that say a lot , considering he life in murrysville . the first good sign dad wa happy wa that he seemed impressed when it wa open- it wa noon a few day after christmas . second good sign wa that dad ordered wine , at it wa only 1 pm . dad , while not a teetotaler , rarely ha a drink before 5 pm so i know he wa anticipating a good meal . the kicker wa that he wa so happy he left our waitress a $ 20 tip on a $ 50 meal . can i say , i live in texas now and i still relive this afternoon back in december ? i had chicken picatta ... it wa perfect . my dad had eggplant rollatini , my mom had a pizza , and my hubby had basic pasta and marinara . it all wa amazing , delicous , and inexpensive . in austin , you can not get a decent italian meal , much le a decent italian meal for under $ 50 for four people.i know there are so many good italian place in pittsburgh but i just think back so fondly on this day ... when me dad liked someplace i took him : )
papa j is is by far my favorite restaurant in pittsburgh , my hometown . i eat there almost every time i visit , and everything i have ever ordered ha been fantastic . fresh ingredient , simple preparation , reasonable price . also , they make the best pizza in town hand down .
this is one of my husband is fave restaurant in town . my husband generally order chicken parm , which is very good . their sauce is quite good . they serve fresh bread with a plate of olive oil and balsamic vinegar for dipping -- yum . i generally order one of their house salad ( think it ha a specific name , but can not recall off the top of my head ) which ha mixed green and i get it with blue cheese , pine nut and their yummy vinaigrette . a tad pricey for a salad that is just lettuce and cheese ( i want to say about $ 8 with the extra ) , but really good . ( especially with some cracked black peeper . ) i tend to follow this up with a smaller plate like their red pepper app or the green & bean . the place ha sort of a rustic atmosphere and can be on the loud side . it ha a comfortable feeling . it also ha a solid wine by the glass selection -- better than a lot of place in the 'burgh . unfortunately , we have never had dessert there b/c we get so full of bread and dinner !
thanks yelpers for this find . the service , the plating , the ambiance were wonderful . i had the eggplant parmigiana and it wa good - but different . it wa thinly sliced ( like deli meat ) and wa not breaded , it wa fried in a very light batter .
this place ha been a favorite for 20 year since we returned from a trip to italy having several week of fabulous fresh food , and could not think of any place we wanted to eat . papa j is measure up to our expectation with great salad , bead and wine . i am partial to the eggplant rollatini and my husband like sampler , ravioli , fish , white pizza . i like the space with exposed brick walls-there are knowledgeable server . sometimes it is a bit loud- more noticable when it is empty with a large table nearby . but do not get the wrong impression -it is a great place-consistantly great food .
great , authentic , classic italian restaurant in one of the most unlikely place . i grew up eating here and make a visit nearly every time i come to town.try the fried calamari `` roman style '' for a little kick !
i have been to papa j is twice and had mixed experiences.both time i had the banana pepper appetizer , which is great and go really well with the fresh and delicious bread and cheese they give you at the start of your meal.for entree , me and my girlfriend have had mixed experience . i have had the fish sandwich ( very good ) and the eggplant parm sandwich ( okay ) . my girlfriend got the salad with bread and basil on it , but the basil wa over powering and the bread wa soggy with the dressing . the service is also a mixed bag . the first time our server went out of her way to take care of u and even made me cocktail sauce for my fish sandwich . the second time , the server wa lackluster , did not know anything about the menu and wa not able to take proper care of u . i would return to papa j is , but i my terrible experience last time is not enough to say it would be my first pick of place to eat around carnegie/robinson .
i went there for dinner last night with a client . this is second time i visited . i had a scotch and he had a guiness . the ( -1 ) is for drink selection . just stock some better beer and higher end scotch and you are five stars.we started with the meatball covered with provolone and other blessed goodness . these did not disappoint . i had a four cheese pizza with sweet sausage and garlic . it wa fantastic . they have so many good dish , but i wanted the pizza last night . i could not finish the pizza - way to go big medium pizza.i finished up with a coffee . the parking can be a bit of a challenge on the street , but it is a small town atmosphere in carnegie , pa . i love the downtown there .
what a wonderful surprise found in carnegie pa , just south of pittsburgh . i wa in town on business with a couple co-worker and after having a not so great meal the night before , we asked one of the local for a recomendation . they told u to try this little italian place called papa j is and boy did they send u to a great place.first off , when you walk up to the place , the front and side window give you a fantastic open view into the kitchen from the outside . you can stand outside and watch the chef making all the wonderful food and you can smell the fresh bread before you even walk in the door.i am not sure how long this place ha been around but the kitchen looked well used , while the dining area a well a the bar looked very clean and modern , almost a if it had been freshly updated . the server wa quick to welcome u and suggested several different item off the menu a his favorite when asked . the three of u were very hungry and wanting to try a few different thing , so we began with a margherita pizza which wa absolutely perfect . they obviously make their own bread and dough for the pizza and i do not think this pizza could have tasted any better . then came bowl of italian wedding soup which wa pretty good . of everything there , this wa the one item i probably could have done without . not that it wa bad , but there wa nothing particularly special about it . we also ordered the garlic roll ( not that the bread they already give you and the pizza wa not enough carbs for 1 meal ) and they were to die for . crunchy on the outside and warm and chewy inside , these thing were a meal by themselves . one of the guy with me said the pizza sauce would be good on them so he ordered a cup of the pizza sauce ( which is fresh made there , not out of some can ) and he wa right . a if these little killer bread ball with garlic were not good enough , dipped in the pizza sauce they were even that much better . by the time our meal came , we were all pretty full , but we pushed on and continued to eat . i had the veal parmigiano which wa tender and very good . it came with a side of pasta which i tasted just to try and it wa excelent a well . had i not been eating a week worth of carbs in one sitting with all the pre-meal stuff , i certainly would have finished it . a it wa , i ate most but not all of the generous portion of veal . one of my co-worker had the chicken picatta which he said wa one of the best he had ever had and the other guy tried a pasta dish which he said wa very good a well . they had a great wine selection a well at reasonable price by the glass or bottle.overall a fantastic experience with great food and atmosphere . i do not really know how expensive the area is for food , but coming from the chicagoland area , i fouknd this place to be pretty reasonable . the three of u ate very very well for an average of aproximately $ 30 each not including alcahol . fantastic fresh food at a reasonable price , who could ask for more.my only complaint is that i had to return to chicago and i am now craving to return to papa j is . i hope work sends me out here again sometime soon ! ! !
yay , i am a fan but sometimes service is a little slow , it wa very good for u this visit . go to papa j is every once in a while but mostly for the white pizza . it is the best white pizza i have ever had . order the white pizza on our visit this weekend ... it ha garlic , spinach , feta cheese and we usually add some veggie on top . it wa delicious ! order fried calamari and it wa ok ... note to self next time try the calamari roman style.like the dinning room with the hardwood floor and bright lighting . the bar wa jumping thou never go to the bar .
terrible service . food unremarkable . waiter disappeared for 45 minute to serve larger group due to staffing mismanagement . saved his tip by discounting meal after i complained . all and all , a very crude and unpleasant dining experience for me and my guest . not to be repeated , never again !
yay , i am a fan of the white pizza . had take out . the bar wa jumping when i picked up our order.the white pizza is so delicious ... with garlic , spinach , feta , and added some veggie . tried the roman style calamari , very good better than the fried calamari we had last time .
we met our good friend from morgantown here for lunch today and were really impressed with the place itself and the menu . i had read a few of the review ahead of time and the pizza wa mentioned more than once so by the time we got there , i wa jonesing for it . it certainly delivered . the crust wa great , the sauce wast too sweet and the topping were sufficient . our friend for the baby clam with oil and garlic over angel hair and let me try a bit - a good a the pizza wa , this wa _much_ better . we will return again to this beautifully lit gem in carnegie pa soon !
ok , it friday night and have about 70 minute to eat . driving by papa j is and w say , let stop in and get a quick dinner . advice host that we are in a hurry . the host advised u it is a 90 minute service . the place wa crowded , we were seated at the last open table . however our waiter , jason , said he will do his best to get a out on time . we ordered our dinner immediately , with a salad and a glass of wine . in a few minute we had our wine , then in a few more second we had our salad and some great homemade italian bread with some olive oil and balsamic ving . for dipping . yum ! just a we were finishing our salad our dinner were delivered . great job jason ! the fettuccine carbanara wa very good ; a thick cream sauce with bacon and ricotta . in and out in 60 minute . now that is some good service .
i have to say that i write this review with much regret , because i have always loved papa j is . but my recent experience there ha changed my mind a bit . from the minute we were seated , we were greeted by a server that wa clearly inexperienced and did not know the menu . a i said before , i have been to papa j is a good handful of time so i know the menu decently well , but the server could not explain any of the question i had about a couple new dish i wa thinking about trying . i swear this guy must have just looked at the menu for the first time a few minute ago.but it wa not just the knowledge of the menu . it wa one thing after another with our server . my wife asked for a glass of water 4 time until she finally got it ( at which point the meal wa over , so we did not care at that point ) . i mean come on , for a restaurant of this calibre and price is it too much to ask for a glass of water ? there wa no one filling up water.my biggest complaint , however , is what happened with our meal . my dad and i both ordered the trout special ( trout with roasted red pepper and lump crabmeat ) . instead , the meal that wa delivered to both of u wa trout with a heaping pile of spinach and mushroom . not what the special wa at all . and by the way , that item is on the menu a a regular item so whether or not the mistake wa made by the server ( which , we are sure it wa ) or the chef , who know for certain . not to mention , though , that a good server would not have served u that regardless . but before you think we had an unusal experience that wa all due to a poor server , let me continue . when we informed our server of the mistake , he did not really believe u until he checked his order sheet , and then he blamed the error on the chef . at this point , the meal had been sitting ( because it took u forever to flag this guy down again ) so the trout wa basically cold . the server then said he would have the meal re-made . so , he took the meal back to the kitchen . meanwhile , of course , my wife and mom are eating their meal and my dad and i are sitting there with no meal . also keep in mind that my wife still had not gotten the water she had been asking for , and my iced tea had been refilled with a soda ( yes , believe that or not ) . all the kitchen did wa scrape their `` mistake '' off of our fish ! they did not remake anything . our fish wa served to u again with little piece of spinach and mushroom sticking all over it . quite frankly , the fish wa not good at all . i honestly would have rather had a fish sandwich from mcdonald is that night . the server never did anything to try to make our experience better - he knew we were not happy , but never offered anything such a dessert on the house . i am not looking for a handout , but our experience wa just plain awful that night . the guy never really even apologized for the mistake . normally , i may have asked for a manager , but at this point i wa ready to just get out of there ( plus , we had to be somewhere else that night ) .my opinion ... for the money , there are many other restaurant i would rather eat at .
this is a regular go-to for me . i love the food and the service . they always have the wine that i like and the food is always delicious . i suggest trying the flourless chocolate cake in the front of the store ( in the section where you can buy stuff to take home ) . it is sublime and make you want to go to a special cozy corner just to eat it and revel in it velvety loveliness .
i thought the interior were very nice . we stopped here on a friday night & i wa glad they were not busy because nothing else in the area looked appetizing . my daughter & i split a chicken parm sandwich , which wa really good . instead of it being served on a hoagie , it wa served on thin bread- like focaccia or something . it wa pretty good- little messy.the dessert looked amazing . i thought it wa pretty cool how you can watch the cook prepare the food from outside . the kitchen is situated on a corner with lot of windows.i would return .
san francisco california visitor liked the food and the local is great . i am thinking about relocating to pttsbrgh area . i liked carnegie because u can stroll down main street and hit a couple place for lunch . i imagine this place would be crazy busy on friday or saturday night . we ate a lunchtime and it wa nice .
coming here you get the feeling they have not changed much . the table , the decoration , the menu . all the same . doe that make you a little worried ? yes.i ordered the mushroom ravioli and it wa ... oily . very very oily . the actual ravioli wa okay , enough mushroom . but it wa oily . did i mention that ? ambiance , like i said , left much to be desired . i do not think i will have this place on my list of `` must '' for downtown . much better restaurant to visit !
had dinner at papa j is with a group of 6 . i loved how the restaurant is in a old brick building with large window . it felt like a neighborhood restaurant . on a saturday night , the restaurant wa full but not crowded . we were seated in a room with poor acoustic . it wa difficult to hear people at our table and the waitress . while she tried , i can see the asperation in her face when she had to repeat the special to both side of the table.people ordered bourbon on the rock before dinner which seemed watered down , while my lemon drop wa made nice . the bread wa delicious ! can you describe it to be creamy ? the fried zucchini wa lightly breaded and not too oily . it wa a large portion made up of 2 sliced zucchinis.we ordered a variety of dish . the pasta dish wa dry with more pasta than sauce or meat . those who ordered the fish special thought it wa delicious . the shrimp dish wa enjoyed a well . i had the chicken marsala which wa pretty good . the marsala sauce wa not too thick , and the chicken moist.hard to tell if the desert were `` homemade . '' the tiramisu and spumoni were small in portion and meant for one . on the whole , i wa on the fence with my overall impression of papa j is . `` a-ok '' probably is the best way to describe it .
service in this place is poor because of lack of acknowledgment since people working there are `` just '' working . they have nice decor , nice bar and good bread . consider where this place is , the price are really really high . nothing is served on the side with main dish ... .
terrible service ... terrible food ... this place smell like rotten wet wood
great place for dinner , drink or a small celebration.papa j is is one of my favorite go to place for dinner when we do not have reservation and want a nice dinner out . my husband and i have eatten here upwards of 20 time over the last few year and have never been disappointed . i assumed that when they opened the alternate bar with lounge area and extra table for dining on the other side of the resturant that the overall vibe of the restaurant would change and it would be very busy . i have been proved wrong . we are always able to walk in on a weekend and get a table within a few minute . unfortunately , the alternate bar/lounge area is not always open . i really do not understand why more people do not go here . my favorite are the fried zucchini , wedding soup and pizza.the zucchini is always crispy and seasoned well . the wedding soup ha big chunk of carrot and celery . my husband also enjoys the pork entree especially the grilled pork and the pasta including the tomato cream sauce . also , their homemade italian bread with oil and vinegar to dip is a great way to wet your appetite . make sure to add the parmesan cheese that they put on the table . also , if you are looking for a good place to host a birthday party or event , consider papa j . they have a great catering menu and are easily able to accomodate larger party . we had our rehersal dinner for our wedding here and everyone loved the food .
papa j is is expensive and inconsistent . the ambiance is nice but it doe not justify the price . there are better restaurant in carnegie .
the boyfriend and i went about a year ago ( early 2012 ) after recommendation from my sister.i had the salad - it wa iceberg lettuce covered in essentially oil and salt . it wa so disgusting i could not eat it . and iceberg on an al la carte salad ? with nothing else ? ugh.we had an appetizer of the stuffed pepper . it wa not even a hot pepper , and the cold meatball flopped on top wa tasteless.for dinner i had the pesto . essentially noodle swimming in green liquid . not a ton of flavor there either.the boyfriend had the lemon chicken . his broccoli wa rock hard - like wood ! and the chicken wa very dry . we can make better food than wa served.after what we paid and what we got for it , i do not even care to try it again . all of the good review amaze me .
very good restaurant with very good food at a pretty reasonable price . we had a birthday dinner here with seven girlfriend . the waitress wa very efficient , but not very friendly . our order came out hot and excellently prepared ! try the tilapia milanese , it is excellent . best steamed broccoli iv'e ever had .
i wa pleasantly surprised by this restaurant . came here with no expectation . i wa greeted by a large open ( garage style ) window , that opened the whole lounge bar area to the street . it had modern furnishing and the staff were quite friendly.ordered the quattro formaggi pizza . quite good ! ! ! great balance of cheese . not too rich at all . crust wa excellent too . can not wait to come back .
just to start off , we were a party of 12 , which is always a little difficult . we were celebrating 2 birthdays.we loved the food , it wa delicious . my husband got a chicken parm sandwich , which is served on a yummy flat bread , and i got the chicken basil pizza ( i got an 8 cut and several ppl tried it ) we all loved it ! it wa stunning . it wa made with a very delicious crust , nice and crisp , not soggy ( like pesto pizza can get ) the one waitress we had jasmine , wa fantastic ! she wa bright , friendly and very knowledgeable about the menu . she took extra time with the older lady in our group to help them with their selection ... now ... the other waitress.. mary something wa so incompetent ... she wa awful and rude . she missed 2 people on that side of the table failed to take their order and when we said something she said 'well they did not speak up ! ' ugh . then when it wa time to sing and cut the cake , my sister in law said 'oh hey can you get the cake so we can sing ? ' she came back , cut the cake ( all crazy with some huge piece and some super small piece like she never in her life cut a sheet cake ) and we did not even sing ! we were mad ! ! the place is so pretty , they have a new addition that wa just built within the last 2 year ( according to my father in law ) and it really nice . they look to have a cool bar area with some modern couch and a really sweet look . so good food , great looking place.. one bad waitress . price are about middle of the road for an authentic italian place , nothing crazy . all in all , we will like to go back again , but we want jasmine !
the menu ha lot of choice and the food is great ! the resturante ha been expanded so it is pretty large . the new section ha door that they leave open during nice weather which make for a nice ambience ! the bread is great and fresh baked daily !
i have been to this restaurant twice and wa disappointed both time . i will not go back . the first time we were there almost 3 hour . it took forever to order and then forever for our food to come and the place wa empty . when i complained the manager wa very rude and tried to blame u for taking to long to order . it made no sense , how could we order when the waitress wa not coming to the table ? after arguing with me he ended up taking $ 6 off of our $ 200+ bill . ridiculous . if it were up to me i would have never returned . unfortunately my family decided to go here again tonight . again it took a long time to get our food . my food wa cold and bland , my kid food wa cold . my husband salmon wa burnt to a crisp and my sister in law took one bite of her trout and refused to eat any more because she claim it wa so disgusting . the wedding soup and bread were good , but that is it ! my drink sat empty throughout my meal and never got refilled even when i asked . bad food , slow service and rude manager . i will pas on this place if my family decides to go again . not worth it at all with all the other good italian option around .
delicious ! everything i have ever had here wa great ! the white pizza is a must ! always amazing ! i am also a big fan of the chicken piccatta . the bread that they bring to the table is delicious too ! they have a wide variety of selection on the menu and they also have nightly special that always sound great ! their price are also reasonable . overall , i highly recommend this place !
2nd time a charm . this place wa 3.5 start the first time i came , but stepped up large tonight . waitress wa righteous and very fun . food wa all excellent . caesar salad tasty -- got with tomato big $ on that , fettuccini carbornara with bacon n smoky cream flavor . can not wait for the leftover ! ! the white pizza is that star though . the crust/dough is heavenly and the flavor is top shelf . i do not throw those accolade out easily , especially on pie , but this joint serf it up . good vibe , great service , phenomenal food . ill be back .
service wa great . apps delish , specifically the stuffed banana pepper & lentil with ham soup . i think i chose the wrong entree though because i ordered a cod with crabmeat special . the cod wa completely tasteless with some crabmeat layed across the top . it all reminded me of boiled fish . yuck ! note to self . order the pasta !
i love this place ! the food is always so fresh and delicious . the staff is always friendly , a well .
spinach/feta cheese salad : b-pesto alfredo penne : : a+coconut cake huge piece : a+bread small portion : bservice b host seemed grumpy , waitress good , but then she got busy .price : pasta wa $ 15 and the portion smallish more like a $ 12.99 dish arrive early on saturday night this place packed after 6pm
it wa just what we were looking for . the service wa great . my husband had the veal sausage on green pepper appetizer in the larger size . it wa great ( spicy ) and enough for a meal . i had the stuffed eggplant . that wa very good but the sauce could have been a bit heartier . i would definitely go back . really nice atmosphere and free parking in the back .
we stopped at papa j is last friday night ( 8/1 ) for a round of drink . there were 7 of u altogether and we had eaten at another restaurant earlier in the evening . one member of our party walked up to the bar to let them know we were sitting on the couch along the wall , a it wa fairly busy that night . in the short time that he wa there , a man who wa behind the bar looked at him and then turn away without saying a word or notifying anyone else . he then turned to a waitress who had approached the service area of the bar and asked her if we could have a server take our drink order . she said `` yep '' and then abruptly turned and walked away . at that point , he asked to see the manager who came a few minute later . when my friend told him of what had occurred , the manager said `` what do you want me to do '' ? my friend said `` an apology would be a good start '' whereupon the manager looked back at him and said `` get out and do not come back '' ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? are you kidding ? ? ? ? my friend is well traveled and frequently stay at higher end hotel and dines at quality restaurant . he wa not screaming or belligerent in any way , shape , or form ; simply informing the manager of what had occurred . that being said , we left and went back to 131 east , where we had previously eaten . the service there wa fabulous , a wa the meal and the drink creative and exquisite.there are new restaurant that have opened in carnegie a of late . papa j is is no longer the only game in town . obviously this is the way a simple complaint is handled by management . appalling ! ! do yourself a favor and frequent any of the other restaurant that are within walking distance of papa j is . they understand the concept of customer service .
some of the best chow around -- love this place . the bread and salad and soup are great .
finally , great tuscan-style italian food in pittsburgh , not that tasteless stuff that local think is italian.the bread wa warm and fresh . the bolognese sauce wa creamy and rich , and unlike most restaurant wa made with veal . i love the fresh smell of baking bread throughout the restaurant.i am looking forward to working my way through the menu of chicken option , and next time , i am saving room for dessert ! the display of cake and pastry at the door wa amazing .
man ha this place gone down hill . my husband and i went a couple of week ago . we had salad and pasta . both were on the verge of inedible . with a single glass of wine , i felt downright robbed at the $ 50 price tag . seriously , i could have easily made what we had with jarred sauce and boxed pasta at home . classico is better . and the service wa pretty absent to make it even worse ... seemed she knew it wa terrible and did not want to deal with it . seriously , i will rather eat at the og .
food wa not good at all ! my husband & i ate here a couple week ago for the first time . i ordered a salad & basil pesto cream pasta & my husband ordered the spinach & feta pasta . the salad wa just a huge plate of spring mix ( nothing else in it ) with way to much vinegar dressing . my lettuce wa drowning in the vinegar . my pesto pasta had no flavor ( did not taste like a cream sauce to me ) & the pesto wa so runny/watery & way too much sauce not enough noodle . my husband is pasta had even le flavor than mine . we ate about a quarter of the food & could not even finish it . we took it home & it wa so bad i did not even eat my leftover . and i hate wasting food ! ! plus the price are expensive for the amount of food you get & of course the poor quality . do not waste your time eating here . there are much better italian restaurant in pittsburgh .
once upon a time , papa j is wa a great place to eat . great food and knowledgeable wait staff.unfortunately , after a couple of very unsatisfactory meal we will not be going back . looking for a great italian meal ? look elsewhere .
well , papa j is ha officially priced itself out of our budget . we ordered 2 salad with gorgonzola and pine nut and the total wa $ 35.98 ! ! ! $ 18 per salad ? ? ! ? ! ? really ? ! i wa stunned when i saw the bill ! it is lettuce , cheese , and pine nut ! $ 18 / salad ? ! totally crazy !
our pizza wa cold and our drink where empty . we are not going back . ! the waitress started a attentive , but slowly slipped away to the point where thing became frustrating .
talk about overpriced . $ 18 for a fairly basic pasta with some obviously frozen chicken chopped up over it . the latter wa terrible , thin and flabby and rather unappealing . the pasta itself wa ok , a wa the sauce . the dessert are pretty good . but honestly , that is a $ 10 dish whose price ha been inflated .
wonderful food . some item a little over priced . but never disappointed.i have friend that love the white pizza . i have seen two people eat their weight in the stuff.i love their fresh salad . huge . the house dressing is perfect every time . we have been there many time and it just doe not get old.we always have the bean and green . the meatball appetizer is superb . by-pass the chicken parm , it is the only thing we have ever found lacking ... .it is just really plain . the alfredo is excellent.we , almost never go anywhere else in carnegie because we like this place so much .
i struggle to write this review simply because this dining experience confused me . first , the restaurant itself is on a convenient corner st in downtown carnegie is main street . when you walk in you the first thing you see is a counter filled with dessert and amazing looking house made bread . it rather look like a deli counter . you have to walk around to get to the hostess station and then can go left to the bar or right to the dining area . a bit confusing layout , but tastefully done . the dining area is brighter than the rest of the restaurant . it felt much more upscale once in the dining area , but i did find the overall restaurant tastefully unique . the food - a wide range of italian dish and seafood . we ordered the crab hozel a an appetizer . it wa an average serving of lump crab meat , i had to ask for cocktail sauce . it wa tasty , but cost u $ 18 . we then ordered the veal and shrimp entree with sauteed veggie like artichoke , eggplant , pepper , etc . there were 4 smaller sized cutlet of veal and 3 shrimp . $ 28 . there wa no salad or pasta side offered . the dish wa prepared properly and wa ok. we just felt it needed something else . now the bread that wa offered to our table came in a small basket and wa filled with a variety of their house made bread . the pepperoni bread wa amazing ! i mean really delish . this alone i would have given 5 star . the service - our server wa ... well ... .i am not sure what he wa quite frankly . annoying ? confused ? hyper ? he appeared to have no idea what he wa doing half the time . bouncing around the table , asking the same question over and over , forgetful , spastic , etc . at one point one of my colleague said , `` is he on crack ? '' we chuckled , but seriously ! he forgot to even ask u if we wanted dessert , which wa too bad because we saw some amazing looking offering in the case a we were leaving.overall - if i were in the area again i would definitely stop in to get some pepperoni bread to go , a they do sell it by the loaf . however , i think i would try somewhere else to dine .
many trip to pittsburgh over 20 year . first time here . had the gnocchi special . one of the best gnocchi i have ever had . pizza wa excellent . service wa great !
did dinner with my gf last saturday at papa j is prior to going to the off the wall theater . this wa the first time we have been to this restaurant . we usually stop a riley is pour house across the street for a bite before seeing a show in this town but today we decided to shake it up and do something different.the place is deceptively larger than it look from the outside . it wa also busier than we would have expected on this particular evening and we got one of the remaining table which wa located near the entrance and the bar . the traffic from both the customer and the staff that flowed past u wa a little noisy and distracting and we could tell that is why it wa one of the last table available . but our waitress came by promptly , got u drink ( i had a hoegaarden and my girl ordered an absolute water and cranberry ) , gave u menu and recited the special of the day.after viewing the menu for a bit , i decided on the veal parmigiano ; my date went with one of the special , a chicken and broccoli gnocchi dish . the plate took about 15 minute to arrive and the portion were humongous ... enough for a filling lunch the next day . my veal wa tender and delicious but it is really the gnocchi that left the biggest impression . you could tell that it wa house made ; it wa like little fluffy pillow dissolving in your mouth with each bite . i never tasted gnocchi like it before.over all i give papa j is a big thumb up . the food wa good , most of the dinning area is seemed cozy , the building itself ha a certain charm with it high ceiling and the table draped in white table cloth give it a pristine appearance . although i thought it wa a bit pricy , i did not feel a if i have been taken . other than the location of our table , it wa the pre-theater perfect meal . i only hope get a more intimate table next time we stop for dinner .
a unique and great find in downtown carnegie . my fiance and i came here for a weekend lunch and wanted something different from our usual weekend spot . we had the sausage stuffed pepperoncini is a an appetizer ( these are never my favorite and were just ok , but the marinara served with them wa very tasty , a wa their homemade bread ) , i had a really great wood fired meatball/ ricotta pizza and fiance had the chicken parm sandwich . our waiter wa very attentive and friendly . i ordered a cannoli on the way out the door and it wa fantastic . not overly sweet , crunchy-chocolate dipped shell stuffed with thick cream and mini chocolate chip . amazing . we will definitely be back here !
we came to carnegie to check out the black lamb consignment shop . lucky for u that we also discovered papa j is -- we loved it ! the fried calamari appetizer wa excellent , a wa the fettuccine carbonara . we will be headed back to this place a often a we can for a real italian dining experience .
ok a few thing . first we walked in and asked for a table and wa told it would be 5 min . so after 10 min , we were seated and there wa 10 table that were open ! why the hell wa there a wait ? ? ? the older man that took u to the table could have done nicer . the bread wa great and that wa about it . the food wa not bad but it wa not good .
i wrote a letter to the papa j is , but did not receive a reply therefore i will share my experience online.tonight a friend and i dined at your location . we were seated in the bar area by the sidewalk , which is what we requested because of the great weather and the happy hour special . our server took our order of a gingerale , fried zucchini appetizer , side salad , wedding soup , eggplant rolotini and chicken piccata ( correct spelling ) .we thoroughly enjoyed the bread & wedding soup.the side salad wa rather bland and unexciting , lacking flavor & texture . the spring salad consisted of leaf lettuce , a single slice of tomato and one black olive . i would have expected some addition such a onion , pepper , cheese , cucumber , crouton , carrot and the like . we enjoyed the fresh air while waiting for our appetizer , but were growing concerned that it would arrive too close to the meal , so we asked the server ( bartender ) about the appetizer and he told u that he had forgot to `` put it in '' . he offered to put it in at this point , but advised u that our meal would be out soon . we decided to just wait for our meal and forgo the appetizer which were looking forward to . the main dish were acceptable , not outstanding . the eggplant wa very tasty and well prepared . the chicken piccata wa flavorful , but not a expected.the chicken seemed to have been steamed or baked . it had no sign of being coated and sautéed to a rich golden brown . the chicken wa just pale white.the sauce wa a simple lemon flavor , it lacked any depth that would have resulted from the browning of the chicken . i tasted no garlic or shallot . the sauce lacked that famous tang usually supplied by caper , which were absent . no pasta wa served with the chicken . the side of vegetable were well cooked , buy again lacked any real flavor . the would have benefited from a roasting which would have produced a rich savory taste produced by extraction of the natural sugar . once our meal were finished our plate were taken and we waited another 20 minute for the check . the server seemed more concerned with what wa on television rather than his customer . the total wa $ 43 and change.i would have expected the salad and soup would have been removed from the bill for the error of not putting in our appetizer order , but no such offer wa made and i saw no manager come around and check on the customer , a is customary.i am hesitant to go back to this restaurant or recommend it to anyone after tonight dining experience . i hope this feedback will be beneficial to your business .
this is it . my favorite in the pittsburgh area . i moved out of the area for 10 year and this wa the first meal i had back . there wa a table of italian speaking italian behind me - how much more authentic can you get ? ! ? i bring all of my out of town guest here and not one had been left disappointed . my recommendation are to order the mozzarella carozza ( or however it is spelled ) and then one of the special . if you are not into a special , you will be fine - order off the menu . but the special are typically amazing . when my better half wa living 4 hour away , he drove into town and i made him get back in he car to go here . instead if complaining , he asked if we could take his parent next time .
i gave them 4 star for two reason - 1 ) they do not have fresh pasta and 2 ) my boyfriend is chicken abruzzo wa dry . the service wa attentive and the bread wa amazing . my carbonara wa incredible ! the main dining room wa a nice grotto style reminiscent of rome ; nice for couple and girlfriend catching up on life . i loved the montpluciano in a carafe , but do not miss the extensive italian wine list . we will definitely return to this carnegie gem !
yummy yum , let me get me some . this place rock ! ! ! went here with the wife and had a great dinner . portion are very generous and the food is delicious . be prepared to pay top dollar though for the entree , but they are worth every penny !
great restaurant . had the eggplant parmesan and it wa very good . bradley wa our server and he wa on top of thing all the time . price are reasonable and the decor is inviting . can not wait to go back .
we recently decided to celebrate our anniversary at papa j is . there is a parking lot in the back of the building and the entrance is on the side . the food wa perfectly prepared , served at the proper temperature , and wa quite delicious . portion size were quite satisfying . the complimentary bread and oil wa excellent . the service wa polite and efficient .
had dinner with a friend . my friend ordered veal and they brought him sausage . the waitress wa extremely rude . he never did get the correct meal . when we talked to the manager , his answer wa . , '' well what do you want me to do fire the waitress ? '' too many good restaurant in that area to tolerate bad attitude !
i stopped by here a couple of friday ago with my wife and 3 other couple . another couple in our party had made reservation before hand and when we arrived a couple of minute after that time , we were immediately taken to our table . whenever you first walk into papa j you immediately head past both their dessert case and bread making area . that is pure genius on their part a both their dessert and bread look good ! then to get to our table we also walked past a bar and up a flight of stair . after that i did not really see much else of the restaurant.after our whole party had arrived and our waitress had taken all of our drink order she came back up to our table and promised u that she would be back shortly a she had some dessert to take to a table . after about 15 minute or so she finally did make it back to our table . for my dinner entree i decided on having the romano chicken . it came out a short time later with a side of broccoli . the chicken had a nice golden color to it breading and tasted pretty good although a bit salty . i can take at least some credit for that though a i may have used the parmesan that wa on the table quite liberally . meanwhile the broccoli wa over cooked for my taste and seemed mushy whenever i bit into it.the bottom line for me is that i might stop by here again in the future . i would not be the person to recommend it but i also would not turn it down . i feel like the price were fair for what you got and only wish that the service wa a little better .
one of my favorite place in pittsburgh ! reasonable price & delicious food . only one weird quirk - they do not bring the delicious fresh bread until you order - but it is complementary ( sometimes they will if you ask nicely , but it doe not come automatically ) . everything is super fresh - my friend & i always order a salad or two a a starter ( they are huge & do not offer side portion ) - i strongly recommend the panzanella salad . then , any of the pasta . seriously , they are all good ! if you remember to save room for dessert - the cake are all giant ! definitely enough to share ( probably with a large table ) .
we visited on 11/15 with a party of 15 . while i know a party of 15 can be overwhelming , we did call in advance for reservation . thus , allowing proper staffing . we arrived early and headed to the bar . the bartender there greeted u quickly and took great care of u . when it wa time for our reservation we were seated immediately . that is where the efficiency and service took a turn for the worst . we sat for 20 minute before a server came to our table . at that point , she said i will grab you water and bread . another 10 minute go by and member of our party went to the bar to grab drink a the server vanished ( still no water or bread ) . she finally come back to the table with bread ( no water ) and take our drink order ( about 40 min into sitting at the table ) . next thing we know , a nice gentleman by the name of patrick is our new server . he really stepped up the service and should be commended . however , we ordered the veal stuffed banana pepper which arrived cold . we also ordered the `` incredible white pizza '' which wa incredibly cold . while patrick stepped up the service the entire experience wa fairly terrible.not once did the front of house manager come check on u . this is the second time i have visited and the 2nd time i have been disappointed.also , i wrote to the restaurant and received no response .
i never write review but my new year is eve wa ruined due to how awful my experience wa . the food wa subpar but it wa a lost cause by the time we got it . for $ 50 a person it wa terrible . the menu wa a small , select menu . i got the shrimp and veal and my veal wa dry . but a for the real issue ... .last night for nye we went for dinner with the intention of going out to celebrate after . we had reservation for 7pm made week in advance . we did not get our food until around 930 and did not get our check for another hour . we were there for an hour and a half before we even got bread . everything we asked for wa `` i will get it to you in a little bit . '' i ordered a drink 3 time and never got it . i do not understand because it wa not busy at all and they only had a select menu . you will think they will have a handle on thing . how do not you have salad ready and made in a cooler or bread basket prepared when reservation were made week ago ? anyway , we all ended up missing our reservation at other event we had planned for after dinner . i will probably never go back again .
a large group of u have enjoyed an excellent dinner for the past three year and each year it get better and better . we order entree from all area of the menu . the bread and antipasto are exceptional . attentive and friendly staff with strong knowledge of the menu .
my husband and i dinned at papa j is last evening with another couple . we came equipped with up to $ 14.00 off coupon we had planned to use , and they planned on using their entertainment book coupon . we were told , rather harshly and rudely that we could only use one coupon per table ... hard and fast rule of the establishment . but we protested , there are 2 couple here , paying on separate check , so can not understand this rule . said they would take up to 3 entertainment book coupon per table , but not the one that drew u in from online clipper magazine . what difference doe it make which coupon you use ? ? ? ? if you allow one , why not the other ! not building a `` come back '' attitude for u customer , and we do not intend to go back . some food wa really good , while other meal were just ok , esp . in portion size . all menu item are ala carte , so pretty pricey , so coupon discount would have been nice . waiter we had , though he said he had been there for 21yrs , wa pretty abrasive and a little neglectful with his service .
worst service of all time . 2 hour for a pizza and had to repeat ourselves to the waiter 5 time throughout the night . then asked for the bill and wa given a bill 3 time the amount ours should have been with a bunch of item that should not be on there . place is a total joke .
what a class act ! feel like a restaurant right in italy . beautiful linen draped , candlelit table with a selection of dining area . extensive menu . wonderful wedding soup , obviously house made . every entree in our group wa superb . chicken and pork dish wonderful . pasta cooked properly and great sauce . wait staff were neatly well dressed and extremely cordial . this restaurant is a must ! had a great pecan ball and luscious yellow cake for dessert .
5 star . it is that good . freshly made , and you can taste that it is . the pasta alfredo wa made to order . it wa so delicious , i think they used the pasta water to make the sauce , incredible . reasonbly priced . clean atmosphere . knowledgable server , thank you patrick . we had a great dining experience .
always a treat to have dinner at papa j is ! been going there for year and the quality is always the best . always proud to take new peep to savor the menu delight ! michael from mt . lebanon .
thought it wa awesome ... first time i have been there and with most of the family ... 16 of u ... they accommodated u well ... the sever wa very knowledgeable and wa fast ... a expected since such a big party ... food wa great although i over stuffed with appetizer , bread & oil , and beverage ... not your average italian restaurant
superb service and food . parking can be a little tough and this place is a bit pricey . if you can get in and are okay paying a little more you will not be disappointed .
we went here tonight and i am torn on how to review this establishment . i have not been here in year and now i remember why . we picked the calamari pepper topped for an appetizer and it wa fabulous . it better have been at $ 13 . they had numerous special and the female picked the gnocchi entree which were fantastic but at a price tag of $ 25 per , which we only discovered at bill time . shame on u for not asking the price and no wonder the server wa pushing those dish . i had the chicken parm and it wa a nice portion for $ 15 . the cappuccino cheesecake wa good but small at $ 6 . the place wa packed and drink were sparse but the glass were way too small.overall an expensive but enjoyable evening . if picking a special , do yourself a favor and ask the price .
fantastic gem in pittsburgh . we were up in pittsburgh for a family function and looking for a great italian joint for dinner , we reviewed yelp and discovered papa j is , we could not be happier ! the food wa spot on , and there wa absolutely nothing wrong with the meal . if your looking for authentic italian , do not miss this place .
love this place especially the garden salad with feta and pine nut . when i am working close to carnegie , i schedule my day around lunch here . the homemade bread are amazing too . great atmosphere and service make this one of my favorite close to downtown pittsburgh .
the last visit i overlooked the $ 25 gnocchi special . the reason it bothered me wa they tell you the special but not the price . okay , shame on u for not asking.my daughter wanted to try here again for her birthday . so i have decided i will go against my not go there anymore and appease her.we have been here 30 minute and just got our water . our appetizer ha yet to come out . the bread is apparently just a scarce . hey but we have a full cup of fresh parm cheese . i ordered the chicken marsala and i wa informed there is an up charge for pasta with my meal . really ? potato or pasta are always included with marsala . hooray the appetizer finally come out and half as warm and horribly bland . we asked for a manager and the waitress overheard u and asked u is there an issue . ma'am please just leave u alone a we will speak to the manager . 5 minute and cricket , yep you guessed it , no manager to our table . and to boot the waitress stood there staring at u which is why the ma'am please leave u alone . it wa like she wa a demon possessed . before i imploded , we had to walk out . never ever again will we return here . time to find somewhere else to enjoy my daughter birthday .
the food wa ok no complaint it is sitting at the bar and watching the male bartender stand around doing literally nothing while the woman bartender bust her as made it a uncomfortable night especially knowing that they will pull tip not returning again and shame on the two manager for not notice it
i wanted to love this place . we started off with a caesar salad , we asked is the dressing homemade we were told yes however i have had a number of homemade caesar and this wa deff not . they also topped it off with one crouton ? my meal wa the chicken breast with bone in and broccoli . chicken came out literally the size of chicken nugget and my broccoli wa basically raw and cold . i have three star because the bread wa actually really good and my finance meal wa also mediocre . he had the eggplant rolitini and in my opinion it had a weird flavor . we would go back to try the pizza but i would not suggest wasting 50 buck on this meal .
literally just walked out after waiting at our table for 15 minute with no server in site . we were never even offered drink . it wa embarrassing ! others came in after u an were serf . not u . your food may be good , but the service is deplorable ! just so rude .
this place is wonderful . my husband and i had our first date here so that is why we chose this place for our rehearsal dinner . the food is phenomenal . they were so accommodating for the guest we had that had allergy . they recommended various way for u to save money like bringing our own wine and dessert . they were incredibly attentive and everything wa just perfect . i can not say enough good thing ! every time we come here the food is wonderful and the staff polite and helpful . we will definitely continue to keep coming back here for year to come !
i am up in the air about how i feel regarding emmert dental . being that it is located in market square can be both a good or bad thing . parking is scarce not to mention you have to pay for it yet you have great restaurant and coffee place around you . the office itself is old and raggedy looking but the staff are young and hip . i think possibly a little too young and hip . my dentist knew what she wa doing but i did not adore her . i am still working out my bill because they charged me too much on my copay and do not really seem to have all their info . together . after a cleaning and filling , i think i am going to look for somewhere else to get my future dental work done ...
i have decided where i stand with emmert dental . they are unprofessional , rude and have no clue what they are doing ( behind the desk ) . i will not be going back nor will i have nice thing to say about them .
the worst dental experience of my life . they are butcher ! my husband and i went to emmert dental in bethel park for a routine cleaning and check up . i had one tooth that i had a recent root canal on and a few small cavity that needed filled . after the so called dentist - dr carnavali - did my exam , i needed 3 additional root canal and an extraction ! an extraction on the tooth that just had a root canal . i wa told that part of the tooth had broken off and that a crown wa no longer possible . i did not know any better , so i agreed to schedule the extraction for a few week later . the `` dentist '' wanted to extract it that day , but i had plan for the weekend and wa not about to be in pain . so , 2 week later , i went in for the extraction . after they gave me novocaine they get me with `` you need a bone graft also in that area since we are extracting that tooth '' . i have never had any issue with bone loss with previous extraction so i did not feel it wa necessary . i had 3 employee surrounding me , pressuring me for this bone graft . so , i reluctantly agreed . i had to pay $ 259.00 for this `` bone graft '' . so , i signed everything . i wa not even given enough time to read the document , so i should have known and got up and left right then and there . the `` dentist '' started the extraction . i have never been so uncomfortable in my life . he pulled on my tooth , used a metal instrument to pound on my tooth and wa pulling so hard that my head wa coming up and slamming back down against the head rest . finally , after a good 15 minute of this torture , he ripped the tooth out of the side of my jaw . i wa literally ganging from all the blood running down the back of my throat . he then stuck some pink powder up in the extraction area . i am assuming this wa the bone graft . i ended up with many stitch . i wa given an antibiotic and instructed to schedule an appointment for the following saturday so they could start the bridge . then i wa hit with a bill of $ 569.00 ! my insurance cover 100 % of extraction . i wa in so much pain for 2 week following the extraction . pain severe enough that i had to call off work and i could not sleep at night . i refused to go back to emmert dental . and after a visit to a very reputable dentist , an endodontist and an oral surgeon , i have to have oral surgery to try and repair the damage emmert dental ha done to my mouth . they caused a very large deformity in my jaw and i am at risk to lose additional teeth . save yourself a lot of time , money and pain . emmert dental only care about the money , will over charge you and leave you le than happy with the dental work . they are butcher and should not even call themselves dentist . and if you have an issue with their billing practice , do not expect to that resolved easily . i have called numerous time and i am always told that the manager and or billing department is not in . i have contacted the bbb and a lawyer . i expect and want a full refund . no one should have to go thru what i am currently going thru . they do unnecessary extraction so they can do a more expensive procedure such a a bridge or an implant . now i have to go thru oral surgery , more pain and suffering and more time missed from work because of emmert dental . and the root canal they said i needed , my current dentist and my endodontist both agreed that i do not need tooth canal . in fact , the teeth are perfectly healthy . they are crook and butcher .
the worst dental office i ever been . no one can beat it ! ! ! you should avoid it at any time .
despite the low rating here on yelp , i do not feel this dental office is all that bad . the office look new or renovated , clean and organized . emmert dental ha three location : settler is ridge , market square and bethel park . i am usually a patient of the market square location of emmert dental and so far , i prefer the settler is ridge location . i came here for an emergency appointment and this wa the only office that could squeeze me in . i arrived 15 minute early and they called me back exactly at my appointment time . the assistant wa so friendly and made me feel comfortable at all time . the doctor wa also friendly and made a great effort to make sure i left satisfied . i wa in and out in a matter of minute and the service wa great .
i went here to have my teeth cleaned and they told me they found a cavity . since i have never had a cavity in my life , i asked the dentist to show it to me on the x-ray and he said he wa not able to . i did not feel comfortable with his diagnosis so i went to another dentist ( whose office is not a chain like emmert ) and that dentist did not find a cavity . this wa three year ago and my teeth are fine , still no cavity . i do not believe in going to a dental chain and i do not recommend anyone else go either . i have read horrible article about their pushy sale tactic and performing un-needed procedure which is what i would have experienced at emmert had i not been smart enough to find a second opinion . there are better , independent dentist in the area and i recommend people to go to them .
would not have my dog teeth cleaned here ! this place is one of the worst dental office i have ever walked into . enough said
i have never posted a yelp review before . this meal wa so horrible that i downloaded the yelp app just so i could warn others to stay away ! we ordered food from capri since we were going to voodoo brewery . we ordered a cheesesteak with no mayo and an italian calzone since the person working there talked up the calzones . we ended up with a cheesesteak heavy on the mayo and an italian wedgie , which wa just a folded up pizza full of mayo and onion . no sign of italian meat to be found . no marinara sauce . it wa inedible . we ended up walking to kfc instead . i want to leave a zero star rating , but yelp will not let me . so they get an undeserved star .
i judge a pizza joint by their cheese pizza and their pepperoni . while grabbing a brew at voodoo , my friend and i were feeling a bit hungry . thankfully a menu wa available and capri pizza wa just across the street . we ordered a small cheese pizza to pick up . i wa pleasantly surprised ! the cheese wa not greasy , the sauce wa flavorful , and the dough wa chewy yet crunchy ... what more could you ask for ? we were really impressed with the quality cheesy pizza from capri.next time we will try the pepperoni and post an update . i see yummy pizza in our future . if you are grabbing a pint a voodoo and feel a rumbly in your tumbly , order something cheesy at capri pizza in homestead .
i never even made it inside ! after pulling into the parking lot and getting out of my car i wa `` greeted '' by a huge bouncer who wanted to search me . if a pizza place need a bouncer then it is not the kind of place i want to eat at . must draw a dangerous crowd or something .
a vehicle with the door , truck opened , music playing , backed up to the front door wa my first indication that i wa is in the wrong place . the bouncer wa pleasant , however he wanted to search me prior to entering . i said no and turned around and left . you may want to consider having the pizza delivered .
eat at your own risk . the service is terrible , the staff seem to be generally clueless , the management is inclined to blame the staff for their own mistake , and there is no sense of fast in their fast food . when we came , half of the menu board wa still on breakfast , and it wa 4:30p . the only thing they have going for them is that the food is hot and taste just like mcdonald is should . then again , the franchise is owned by rice , and i have come to take terrible service is their mo .
my expectation for mcdonalds are t rarely high . but for one to still fail so spectacularly ... that take something special ! the cashier took my friend is order , then promptly ignored me . i had to force myself in front of a cashier who opened his register to wait on the person behind me . i waited over five minute for a gigantic order that included precisely one kid is meal . after watching two people who ordered after me be handed their food , i asked where mine wa . the manager started yelling at the cashier for `` serving off their order '' when they did not have their food . but neither cashier wa anywhere near those control , and the manager wa the one serving food to customer and clearing the boards.the manager wa rude when giving me my order . she did not make sure that i had everything on my receipt , and never even had the decency to apologize that i felt i wa getting poor service.i have eaten at various mcdonalds restaurant for over 30 year . i have worked at more than one location . i expect bad day , bad mood , and the occasional mistake . but i have yet to have a decent experience at this store . it will remain a place i avoid unless someone in my party need to avoid illness from low blood sugar . perhaps i should go back to the racially biased service of steak n shake instead !
this mcdonald is is so bad it is amazing . order : big mac , large fry , diet coke.the soda machine wa broken . no sodas.then i got to the window . `` we rang you up for medium fry . '' ( not what i asked for ) `` well , if you want a large , you are gon na have to wait 4 minute . we just started a new batch . `` left with : big mac , medium fry , no coke.actually , now that i think about it , this wa one of my better experience there ...
i should be able to give this mcdonalds 0 star . if they had an award for worst mcdonalds in and around pittsburgh this would take the cake . it blow my mind too . being in the waterfront a manager could make this place shine but there is no polishing a turd . p*ss poor service , a filthy dining room , filthy bathroom , attitude by the worker ... if i had to give a real world example of what `` misery love company meant '' , i would take you here and make you order food and sit down and eat . if mcdonalds depended on this one to do good they would of went out of business year ago . i have gon na here a dozen time and 11 and a half time had the worst experience and the worst food i ever had from a mcdonalds . i am sorry to be this harsh but you know what , no i am not sorry . this mcdonalds ruined some of my best day and everyone need to know to stay away . i will rather a second chik fil a at the waterfront than this place . stay away . far far far far away . do not even look at this place , cover the side of your face and just keep driving . there is nothing to see here .
looooong wait , always screw up my order . poor customer service . wa going to hire me but said i had to go somewhere else to do my orientation .
service wa a bit slow but the food wa just what you would expect from mcdonalds ! everyone wa very friendly and the bathroom wa clean ... which made my 5 year old very happy !
best mcdonald is i have been to ! everyone is so sweet and friendly ! the drive through line wa long but i got theough super fast . there were even napkin in the bag ( which never even happens . ) it wasnt always that good , i used to go to wendy is to avoid the rude worker . but , it is great now !
this mcdonald is ha never been that great , but last night they reached an all time low . i ordered a big mac and large fry . it wa obvious that the fry were old and they refried them to heat them up . the bun of the big mac wa so stale , it wa almost rock hard and most of the lettuce wa turning brown . i have officially given up on going here . i will drive the extra distance to go to the one in oakland from now on .
worst mcdonalds i have ever been to . last time i went chicken nugget were under cooked . people were getting refund wait time wa so long . my daughter asked for gogurt w happy meal got apple had to wait 10 min to change to gogurt . soda is watered down and gross . rude staff doesnt know what they are doing . will never go back even though it the closest one to me .
i have been to a lot of mcdonald is in my time , this is the worst . service wa unbelievably slow , only frown all around and not very clean . just skip this one and you will be better off .
this is a tiny starbucks and it location like this ( although cute ) make you wonder if your really meant to hang out or just grab your coffee and leave . leaving is always a good idea at this location anyway since you have a nice fountain in the back with bench and it is a central part of the waterfront shopping . starbuck is not my favorite coffee chain by any mean . is it just me or do all starbuck coffee taste a little burnt and bitter ? no matter how trendy , cool and upscale their establishment are i can not get around the yicky tasting bitterness of staryucks regular coffee . talk about over roasting a bean ... maybe something ha changed with their regular coffee but i have not drank it in about a year . i am not one for soy caramel latte foofy stuff . still i will give the establishment tres estrellas for the fact that their espresso is acceptable and doe not taste half a bad a the regular coffee bean .
friendly staff , same starbucks fair you get anywhere else . sometimes the line can get long .
mmm ... peppermint mochain my quest to visit every starbucks in the usa i have stopped at yet another location . this one is located in the center of a circle road -- very cache and in a newer part of the area .
typical starbucks coffee chain . 2 thing i dont like about this starbucks : 1 . ive been there twice and both time the place ha been dirty , compared to the other starbucks i have been in.2 . if you have to use the bathroom , they give you a key thats attached to this nasty bottle . im pretty sure they dont clean that bottle after every use or even nightly.aside from that , good coffee and fast/friendly service .
if there wa ever a `` get your coffee and go '' starbucks , this is it . right in the center of the waterfront , this starbucks ha no sofa , comfy chair , only table seating . i love the baristas here , but i do not like the location of the building .
this is a typical starbucks . the coffee is good but the store is suprisingly dirty .
i have to agree with joe on this one . the baristas are extremely friendly , and the service is great , but the fact that there are no comfy chair or couch is very unwelcoming . i do think however that the building is beautifully an strategically located in the center of the shopping . i just wish they had better seating .
i just realized they remodeled this one recently-ish . well , in my world recently because it is been a while since i have been here.they have added more seating which make it way more conducive to having a meeting here . which is my concern during the week . i imagine during the weekend it just fill up with tweens getting their sugar rush before hitting the movie theater . the coffee , or tea for me.. is still same old same old . i do not imagine one single starbucks will break the mold and make original drink ...
great location ! close to shop and theatre . nice staff .
regarding quality of beverage , this is just your average starbucks . i can not complain but am not blown away either . however , i really like the location of this shop , which is located in the center of the waterfront is specialty retail shop . though in the midst of a lot of retail , the surrounding area is very picturesque with pretty green grass , flower , and a fountain . hanging out here is very relaxing .
i love the location of this starbucks , which is why i am giving it 4 star . it is right smack in the middle of clothing store , the loews movie theater , a well a restaurant . i love grabbing a mid afternoon latte here on a saturday while perusing various store such a the gap or loft . i also like coming here before or after a movie for a quick caffeine jolt.while the drink are the same a you would find at any starbucks , the baristas and staff are really friendly , perhaps more so than other area starbucks . my drink or choice when i come here generally in the mod afternoon is a venti ( or trenta ... ) berry hibiscus refresher . yum ! it is the perfect afternoon pick-me-up that leaf me feeling refreshed and hydrated .
this starbucks is teeny-tiny ! seating inside is very limited . this is a starbucks to grab and go and continue your shopping at the waterfront.baristas are friendly and fast .
a far a starbucks go , this is a pretty nice one . the baristas are friendly and while i wa here , a lot of regular must have come in , because they bantered away with almost everyone . the bathroom wa clean and well maintained and the trash wa not overflowing in the canister around the store . the pastry looked fresh , but i did not partake . the noise level wa also at a nice working level - not too loud , music just barely audible.i do wish there wa more seating . it is nice that this location ha a counter at the end of the bar for sole worker , but it doe not replace more table . i am sure this is not a much of a problem in the summer when there is the space outside.there wa a treat receipt promo going on , but the barista did not tell me about it , which i found odd . usually when they have promos like that going on , they ask everyone if they want their receipt to come back later in the day to claim whatever the offer is . today it wa one of their new pastry for $ 1 , i know in the summer they do $ 2 grande iced drink with that morning is receipt.overall , nice working or socializing environment . very friendly and inviting . it is what i have come to expect from starbucks , so point for consistency .
i am not a huge fan of this location . i think that it wa oddly built- the small , alley-like front make it difficult to get past people on your way to/from the bathroom or table when it is busy . and there is hardly any table to sit at . furthermore , people tend to clog the front on their way in , which make thing particularly difficult ( especially in the winter weather ) . the staff were pretty impersonal to be , but maybe that wa due to the high traffic of the place and the time i wa there . and the coffee that i had wa cold- i am sure it wa probably the bottom of the batch . i will probably only walk in here again if someone else suggested it before or after a movie or while we were shopping in the area .
this starbucks is 5-star friendly . the shift supervisor lucious keep the energy in there moving and light . he recently helped me with a merchandise return and embodied everything a good manager and all around mensch person should - patience , kindness , generosity and fairness . i left that afternoon loving starbucks even more than when i went in . it is great that a company and their employee can be a loyal to their customer a their customer are to them .
i am always so pleased with the customer service here . for such a tiny starbucks , the do a really great job serving the mass that come in there and still manage to take the time to be friendly in the midst of the frenzy . outdoor seating in the summer is nice .
this particular starbucks wa especially pushy with offering extra espresso shot when placing my order . this ha never happened before and it took me off guard . the barista came off dishonest and unfriendly with the up sell push . i will avoid this one at the waterfront for awhile .
oprah chai latte ! great central spot in this out door mall . staff wa pretty efficient and fast .
starbucks is a chain coffee and tea shop you will find most everywhere . they offer free wifi . they sell their coffee in bag if you like . they also serve sandwich and pastry . some of the starbucks i have seen offer drive through service . price are reasonable.i stopped in here since i have been hunting all over for a gingerbread man cookie . they told me they are getting one in and ugly sweater design but they do not have it yet . i plan to keep checking since it appears that no place i have been to ha my holiday favorite so i will certainly be back to one of their location .
this is a typical starbucks , but in a particularly cramped building without much room to spread out an work if you desire . it is nice that it had a bit of outdoor seating and wifi . over several other coffee alternative nearby in the waterfront , i would rate this a low . barnes and noble ha more comfortable seating and access to many book and other amenity . panera also ha more seating , cheaper coffee and a plethora of menu item to go along with the coffee . the starbucks building style an architecture is attractive , but just too small and limited for this busy waterfront location .
this is actually a very good starbucks . the staff is always nice and they keep the store clean . it is definitely convenient if your down here shopping or going to see a movie . the only thing that stop it from getting 5 star is the parking . considering it in the middle , of the waterfront , parking can be a big problem .
great drink , clean facility , and super friendly staff !
2.5 rounding up only because of the other place on our stop were so bad . first stop on the munhall beer crawl 2011 . it wa just a local dive with local beer . no microbrews or import .
any time ive ever stepped in to randys , there is a very odd smell that immediately make me want to turn around and walk out . bartender dont seem friendly and if you arent a regular , expect to get weird vibe from the regulars.with all of the other option in the area , take your money elsewhere !
very friendly local dive bar . there is nothing special going on here but friendly folk and cold beer . this is exactly the kind of place i like to hang out in .
justine really is the best ! i tried many different groomers before i found her and they could not even come close . she is very patient with the cat and doe a really good quality groom . i would not think about taking my cat smokey to anyone else .
justine ha groomed my very long haired cat with very thick fur three time now and i have nothing but praise for her . my teddy trust her and she ha so much patience with him . i will be bringing him to cat around town again next week . looking forward to it
you have heard of grumpy cat . my gal is cranky cat . she will not let me brush her and brings out the ( substantial ) claw when i , or anyone else , try . she is aging , long haired and often matted . other grooming experience have been unfortunate . ( she injured herself at one place , bit a worker at another and wa sent home unfinished from a third . ) enter cat around town . we were directed to this cats-only salon by a vet tech who recognized our dilemma . the staff at cat around town were unintimidated , but respectful . they made sure my cat felt secure and they took little break when they sensed she wa getting too stressed out . i wa able to be present ( though , frankly , i preferred to sit in the waiting area , visiting with the very friendly resident shop cat ) she came out of there with nail trimmed and fur shaved , looking darling and feeling good . it wa a positive grooming experience ! ! we are spreading the news and looking forward to our next visit .
for someone who straddle the line between sometimes craft-er , this store can seem vast and confusing . there is row and row of basket and bedazzling jewel and paper and ... oh my ... scrap booking ! when i want to find boring old felt ... .it is like ... where do i start ? i am in a hurry , a always , and i rush in and the first thing i look for is an employee . no one to be found . i could call out and my voice would come echoing back . i run between row of paper , wood and gosh darn scrap booking ... .no felt ! where do i find felt ! where do i find an employee ! ? finally , i find one after 15 minute of wondering around . she is incredibly nice and lead me to the felt . this is not the first time i have been hard up to find help . i tell her she wa hard to find , and she tell me that they are `` low on payroll '' and can not have any one the floor but her ! in that whole store , just her ! that is ridic ! not a month ago i wa , again , in a slight hurry and stood in line for about 15 minute to check out , with 2 employee at the register and 6 people per line , i gave up and walked out . hey michael , do you pick up what i am putting down ? you are not making any money because your costumer service suck ... .in fact , there is no service to be found !
i have been frequently shopping at this michael store over the last couple month since i began taking a cake decorating class and hosted a large baby shower at my home . the store ha typically had the supply that i need from cake and cupcake baking and icing to scrap booking supply . this location is pretty average compared to other michael - it is exactly what you would expect when going to this store . it is not a large store , but it is not a small store -- just average.i do enjoy using the michael is coupon when shopping . i definitely save a lot of money ! instead of toting around the paper version , i actually have the iphone app that ha coupon available to use from the app . my only complaint is that sometimes it take a while to check out at this location . i do not normally have a problem - usually only one or two people ahead of me - but sometimes it can be much slower . today , for example , there were only two customer ahead of me , but one of them wa having issue with a coupon . the line began to get longer and longer , and though a couple associate were lingering up front , they kept calling for someone else . from personal experience of being a manger in a retail store , do not linger or let your associate linger near the cashier without jumping on register . whatever the reason may be that you are not helping customer , it still appears rude and make everyone more impatient ... .
it is your typical chain craft store . and let me reiterate that i am not a craft person . i walked in because i needed dial rod for some sign i had . now for being a chain store i wa a bit upset because even though they had a decent selection , the amount they had for each one i wanted were scarce . imagine me standing there with different size of wood in my hand and just staring in disbelief . and for a piece of wood , the price wa a bit steep.i will provably come back here , but only for an item that i can not find elsewhere . or if i am too lazy to drive further out .
it is yet another michael is , and it is a very good one . recommended always . for those who love crafting , michael is is a godsend .
the one good thing i can say about michael is is that they have a wide variety of hobby and craft included in their selection . they have got item for woodwork , painting , knitting , kid craft , scrapbook , you name it . the problem is , the variety of product for your particular craft is probably dismal . they have got lot of cool item all over the store that you are convinced that somehow you need . ( because it is soooo cute , and you could totally do something with it . right.. ? ) the store feel cluttered because there is so much stuff everywhere . however , if you are looking for something specific , good luck . it is not even a matter of the product being difficult to find in the store . it is that when you find the right section , there is either nothing in stock , or they simply do not even carry what you need . i stopped in for crochet supply , and the yarn selection wa laughable compared to many other craft store . i ended up going elsewhere for my stuff anyway . plus the price at michael is are significantly more than other area craft store . i usually only stop there if i am already at tend waterfront . i will recommend checking other craft store first . unless you need glitter . especially fine glitter . michael is ha the best glitter selection/quality of any store i have ever been to .
you would think their exorbitant price would at least buy some decent customer service . not at this location . they are totally understaffed and have almost nobody able or willing to help you find anything . this is a problem because they carry so many completely different product that it is hard to find what you need . expect to wait at least a half hour before getting assistance.the organization is disjointed , especially depending on your project . there is even a section called `` art supply '' . i thought that wa kind of the point of the whole store . what did it in however wa how miserably they packed my picture frame . the place next door wrapped two dollar drinking glass in paper to protect them , but apparently michael is think a grocery bag is sufficient to protect a nice picture frame in bad weather . so , the inevitable happened and i dropped the bag . now i do not expect every place to be sympathetic , even though it could have been packed better , but when i asked for a refund they were down right rude . hey i did drop the thing , but some empathy would have been nice . i wa not completely out of line asking because a little bubble wrap and it would have been fine in the first place . i will never be back to this or any other michael is .
i used michael is for picture framing year ago and wa very pleased . i went back to michael is recently and wa amazed and overwhelmed by the different tool and device for crafting and hobby . a i do not do much of this myself i did not comprehend the significance of many of the items.i wa impressed with the sale staff who with a few word immediately could identify the item you wanted and whether it wa something they stocked . if not , they had suggestion for where else you might find it . bought various crafting item for my girlfriend which she used to help me decorate my living room with . michael also ha a wide variety of storage box useful for home organization . the different size are helpful for planning storage in space of different dimensions.i went back to michael to explore again and found some other useful item . it will likely not be a stop that i frequent weekly but when the fancy to decorate come up , i will count on them for idea .
michael is is one of my favorite store at the waterfront . seems like there is always a sale and there are coupon in the sunday paper all of the time , which encourages me to return . i am a fan of their frame , vas , candle , and holiday decor . on occasion , when i am feeling crafty , i will purchase flower . the staff is helpful . parking is plentiful .
since i moved here , i have been shopping at this michael is location . i go here at least twice a month . and i must say it grown on me . the store is always clean and organized . the associate are usually helpful . and i can i usually find some good deal if not clearance item . though i must admit that the cake decorating class schedule are not a full a here when you compare them to the monroeville location .
1* for the apple map telling me they are open until 10pm . just completed a mad dash here at 9:30pm . yes , i realize i could have called beforehand ...
i dropped by this yankee candle store on saturday to purchase the annual christmas present candle for my mother-in-law . between christmas present purchasing and people wanting their house to smell like balsam and cedar , cinnamon stick , or caramel pecan pie , the little store wa packed . however , i wa greeted immediately when i entered and wa easily able to find the same salesperson again when i had a question . since i wa only purchasing votive candle , i wa initially pleased to see an entire section for the store devoted to them but quickly became frustrated . i could not smell some of the votives through their thick , outside plastic . since the votive candle were not all displayed with their scent , i had to walk from the votive display to the fragrance display to better smell the scent and then walk back . outside of that layout frustration , i had a pleasant experience in the store .
this is smaller store than one i have seen inside mall , but they seem to have all of the necessity . they have a great collection of candle ! my favorite were in the `` relax '' section . turquoise sky & home sweet home were great ! i am not a huge fan of food scented candle , but they actually had very nice one ! apple pumpkin wa great and surprisingly i loveddddd christmas cookie ! the employee were all helpful .
yankee candle ha high quality candle that smell wonderful . they burn evenly and for a long time . i tend to purchase when there is a sale because the candle are pricey . ( yc is also sold at other retailer like kohl , bed bath & beyond and burlington ) . i stock up on the votive candle when they are $ 1 . yc also carry reed diffusers/oils , car freshener , wax melt , and decor . never had an issue with customer service . the staff is friendly . this store is fairly small , but ha a nice variety of fragrance and accessory .
whenever i wa at the waterfront i would eat here . the shake are good , a are the shoestring fry and baked bean . the sandwich are small thin patty of meat so you probably want at least a double . overall , pretty tasty .
the food is good and it cheap.i mean really inexpensive. $ 4.00 for a burger and fry . add a coke and it like $ 10.00- $ 13.00 for two people . seldom if ever crowded . service can be a tad slow but hit or miss.they also do breakfast and it a great alternative to waiting at eat and park.try the shake , they are great .
it clean , open 24/7 with hot shoe string fry and creative milkshake . what else do you want in life ? ?
this is the absolute worst steak n shake i have ever been to . the bf and i got lost around pittsburgh for 40 min . trying to find this location and on top of the unnecessary 1 hour wait for our food , the food itself wa just so crappily made . it wa so bad and we had waited a ridiculous amount of time ( c'mon , steak n shake is basically a glorified mcd is ) , our waiter comped our whole meal.if not for the compensation , i would have been pissed that we had to pay for such a crappy meal . the bf , on the other hand , wa more upset about the principle of the matter ... we had trekked all that way just to get our steak n shake fix ( since both of u have not had it since our undergraduate day ) and it wa a major fail.i think i am good with my steak n shake craving for a long time now ... p . the whole joint smell like major b.o .
i went here at 3 pm between the lunch rush and the dinner rush , and the restaurant wa maybe 20 % full . i ordered the chili mac supreme to go . i thought i would be in and out within 5-10 minute . keep in mind that this restaurant even ha a drive-thru ; the expectation is quick service.long story short , my food never came ... the waitress told me ( after i had been sitting there waiting for thirty minute ) that the kitchen had not even started on my order yet , so i told her to cancel it and walked out . now i see that others on yelp have warned about the slow service at this location . wish i had looked it up earlier .
i heart steak n shake . i love the fact that the fry are shoestring , the burger get to you pretty fast , they are a little greasy , and the food is super cheap.i visited steak and shake on new year is eve in preparation for an evening of mostly tame partying . i wa unnaturally attracted to their wisconsin buttery burger , which is a double patty cheeseburger topped with grilled onion between two bun that have been buttered . sound good right ? well , i get this delicious diet abomination and discover that my bun had been dunked in butter . the pearly gate of cholesterol laden heaven with the triglyceride angel were singing to me . i took the liberty of increasing my sodium intake by pouring their burger/fries seasoning on the bun and i literally got tear in my eye ... .most likely from the salt overload , but possibly because this wa one of the most evilly decadent thing i had eaten in a long time.this is not meant to be a fine dining experience . service wa not fast but it wa not slow . it just kind of wa . however , the waitress did get a point for explaining that the order would take x amount of time to all patron . so i give them a pas for being upfront about it.next trip to pgh is going to feature steak and shake - i guarantee it .
well ... a steak 'n shake location go , this is not the best one around -- but it is burger and fry that are open 24-7.the milkshake are good ! pro : always made fresh , when you order ; con : greasy ( but it burger ) ; take longer than typical in drive thru ( but that is bc they are made fresh ! ) ; service ( on a scale of 1-10 , 10 being awesome ) is a 4 .
in general i do like shake n ' steak , but this location is a hit or miss location ! you never know what kind of quality or service you are going to find here . a friend and myself went a few week back after a movie and it had to be one of the worst trip there ever ! you can not entirely blame the waitress since she wa the only one there for the entire place ... poor scheduling on the manager is part . however , while she can not be accountable for the slooooow service , she wa accountable for both order being incorrect . the burger were over cooked and the fry were soggie and the milkshake wa runny at best ... by far my worst visit to steak n ' shake !
rather typical sn . had a good lunch crowd . milkshake wa good but not a good a enp down the street . it took to long to get the burger for some reason , 25 minute , i realized cooked to order but this is a little long for sn . ordered the guacamole steakburger and it only had a small portion of gauc ... not your usual amount..kitchen wa not up to speed on portion sizing for some reason . definitely did not look like the picture on the website . oh well !
ah , steak n shake , you hit the spot after a night of drinking . open 24 hour , drive thru or dine in , with wonderful , cheap greasy burger , chicken finger , breakfast sandwich , and shoestring fry . you are faster ( and cheaper ! ) than eat n park . plus your employee wear those adorable bow tie . granted , if we were at a fancy party , i might act like i do not know you , but deep down inside you know i heart you .
the only thing worse than the food is the service .
this wa the most horrible experience at a restaurant i have had in year ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i wa there at around 9pm , with about 9 folk from my family ( visiting relative included ) . there were several thing that got me annoyed , one after another . i wa ok that it took a while for u to be seated . but after we ordered , what really got me angry wa that the food took a very long time to arrive . we had 2 kid with u and we ordered 2 kid meal , and had asked for those to be brought sooner . after about 25-30 minute of nothing , i went to the server ( who were just not paying attention to u anyway - the main server is name for our table wa angel ) and asked where our meal were . one checked with another , who then informed me that they were working on it . what made me even angrier is that they tried to downplay everything , telling me that it had only been 5 minute . then one of the server ( manager ? ) tell me that `` ok , may be it is been 10 minute , but it is coming '' . then i hear some of the server talking about our order . the same gentleman then came to our table , sat down next to me and told me that it is only been 10 minute and that they were working on our order , and tried to give me some explanation about why that is not really a long time at all . it wa clearly almost half an hour or longer by that time . the food finally arrived about 10 minute after that . but the food came cold . we were so hungry by that point , we just ate whatever we could . neither angel nor anyone else came to top up our drink even once . i had to ask for mine , but by that point i wa in no mood to take a sip even . i paid ( $ 58.20 ) and i again got the same gentleman who tried ( again ! ) to explain to me that it wa just 10 minute , and that `` given everything , we were within normal limit '' . wow . after about an hour and half at the restaurant , we all just shook our head and left . i have written to them on their website , and will see if they follow up . we have vowed never to go to this restaurant again . yikes ! !
this wa the first time that i have ever eaten here . we went through the drive thru which took forever . i ordered a hamburger and onion ring . the hamburger did taste kind of odd but i figured it wa because i am used to wendy is . exactly 6hours later i wa so sick . might have been a stomach bug but it is kind of strange . i dont think that i need to go back to this particular location ... ... ever
terrible wait staff could not even seat u . before we , and another party walked out without even being greeted properly , i observed several employee traipse out the front door , several table who were waiting for their food for a long time , several employee just standing around out of direct view of the table , a morbidly obese hostess that could barely physically walk from one end of the store to the other . i think one server wa high . going there wa a special request by a 7 year old getting over a long-ish illness , so that make the shabby treatment more enraging .
this place is s l o w ... .like so slow i have got up and left after waiting 30 minute and not even being acknowledged by a server . the food is okay . def not worth the wait . milkshake are just okay a well . booooooo .
i really like the chili . burger are fair and salad are pretty bad . pretty hard to mess up a side salad . a others have said you never know what kind of service you will get . store is usually understaffed and cleanliness is fair . the staff is usually disinterested with customer and sometimes outright rude . all in all what you pay is what you get . cheap and crap service .
fast food done right , what more can you want ? a throwback to old timey diner , steak and shake is where you get a decent meal at a good price . my sister and i arrived on a tuesday afternoon around 3pm catching their 2-4 happy hour , which we read on the door upon entry ; a lovely surprise . this meant that all shake and drink were 50 % off ! i ordered the western bbq burger , which wa 2 thin patty , cheese , bacon , bbq sauce , and fried onion . it came with shoe string fry ( my favorite ) , all for the low price of $ 4.79 . are you kidding me ? what is not to like ! the food wa actually pretty good ! i liked it a lot . since it wa happy hour i also `` splurged '' on a chocolate covered strawberry shake . it wa meh . could have gone without it . the overpowering taste of artificial strawberry really turned me off , but the hot fudge saved it . but , how can you really go wrong with hot fudge ? all in all , 3 meal and 3 shake came to $ 20 . a steal . also the food is good ! i enjoyed it . i will come back .
fast food in a resturant setting . considering this food is good and cheap plus you can get food to go . must be a reason why this place is always packed .
the food is good . unfortunately the service is very hit or miss . the main issue seems to be with the kitchen , the waiter and waitress are often very apologetic for the long wait and it is pretty obvious that some of them avoid the table after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaint .
food is good , what you will expect from steak n shake . the service is awful . so incredibly awful . expect to take at least an hour for your meal , even when it is slow . i have been going here for year when i want a cheap meal , but the service is so so so awful . go to mcdonalds .
the service wa fast but the food wa terrible and so wa the service . i had a bus to catch so i could not wait around waiting for the check so i went to the counter to pay . she never brought my check , never checked to see if my drink needed refilled , she just mopped the floor . the burger wa really greasy , the fry were luke warm and the cheese on them wa not a flavorful a it should be . a a new pittsburgher i am not impressed .
i should have known better than to stop here , but i wa nursing a hangover and just wanted something quick and simple . i should kick myself for thinking of this place.granted i decided to go to the drive thru and knew there would be a wait . the sign actually say that the food is prepared when you order it . i sat for almost ten minute at the window while my food wa prepared . during that time i wished i could have taken back my order and also wished that i had not paid already . while sitting at the window i decided to just stare inside and watch some of the employee doing their job . what disturbed me the most wa watching the employee making the milkshake . making a milkshake is not that hard or glamorous of a thing to watch . what disgusted me wa that the guy actually lifted several of the container for the milkshake and smelt them . i mean smelt them to see if they were clean , instead of actually taking the extra minute or two to clean the container . after witnessing this my food wa finally ready and i drove away.when i finally got to eating my food i wa underwhelmed . the fry had no flavor and with the size of the cut it appears you get more than what you ordered . the `` steakburger '' really , they should just call it a burger , wa overpowered by the bbq sauce on it . it wa all i could taste.all this ha cemented me in not wanting to ever step foot in one of these establishment ever again .
i do not think it is too much to ask that if you advertise your drive thru being open 24/7 . then it should be open 24/7 . i work a late night job . the past three time i have tried to get food late night i have not been able to . twice they greeted me in the drive thru and never got back to me after twenty minute so i drove away . tonight they told me that the drive thru wa closed . really ? awful location . awful service . went inside to try to get food , but i wa ignored by the staff . how hard doe it have to be to get a burger ? do not go here .
you know what you are getting with a steak n shake : it is about one rung up from a mcd is in quality , and about two rung down in quickness . at least , you think you know . i used to have a small place in my heart ( though the salt and fat were not very kind to said organ ) for steak n shake , because hey , who can argue with beef and drinkable ice cream ? but after my last trip , i can think of nothing more disgusting than having to eat here , this location in particular . i have not been back in over year , and i will never step foot into a steak n shake a long a i have an immune system that i care about . after having eaten here , i hit the restroom on my way out ( along with my two friend ... .hey , we are girl , it is acceptable ! ) . one stall wa already taken , so two of u are stuck waiting while this occupant doe her ... .shall we say , business ? after a few second , we realize that she is not only there to relieve herself , but to also take drive-through order . yes , that is right ... . '' you want fry with that ? *flush* okay , that will be $ 5.50 '' . i have never , ever witnessed anything so insane a a drive-through restroom . to top it off , after finishing her `` bathroom break '' , she walk straight out of the stall and into the restaurant . i guess she wa in too much of a rush to complete the order she had just taken that she did not have time to wash her hand . and i wa in too much of a rush to choke back up what i had just eaten before it wreaked mayhem on my stomach .
i love steak n shake . this one , however , leaf a lot to be desired . the food often come out cold and the server are apathetic at best . most of the time , they are downright rude . i highly recommend avoiding this location if possible . there is one on route 51 that is worth the 15 minute it will take you to get there .
i never thought that i will be giving steak 'n shake a 4 star review , but i really enjoyed my dinner here tonight . it just hit the spot ! i wa impressed by our waiter a soon a we walked through the door . he apologized for our very brief wait to be seated and for the fact that he wa the only waiter working at that time . however , everything wa delivered promptly , and he made what would have been just a tasty diner dinner into a great experience.i ordered a grilled cheese and fry . the grilled cheese wa well cooked and filled with tasty , perfectly melty cheese . i love steak 'n shake is thin and crispy fry , and these were a delicious a i had expected.for just $ 9 for me and my husband , i have to admit that we had forgotten how inexpensive steak 'n shake wa . based on the cost , the food , and our fantastic waiter , we will be back soon .
i like the occasional steak and shake stop ... .. but this one ha to be the slowest one ever . the cashier wa rude and i could hear her yelling are you fucking kidding me because the register wa not working the way she wanted ... . wow ... . just wow ...
every time we come here the service is laughably bad . on this visit a tabe which wa sat after u had their food before our server graced u with her surly presence . good restaurant elsewhere , just avoid this location if you want to get your food inside an hour .
wow . dirty and slow . the floor felt like they had the day burger grease spilled all over , and it took 30 m8n to get our take out order .
this place teeter between a 2 and a 3 star review . i have had pretty good experience inside , it is usually the drive-thru where thing fall a part . it is the rare place i can get a frisco melt well , the only place i can get a frisco melt ! and that steak burger alone is worth the risk , walk in or drive thru.just take a gun on weekend , you will be fine .
the staff is very rude at the drive thru to the point of telling me at 2:02 pm `` it is only 1:59 you can not do the happy hour shake yet ! '' she literally screamed it at me . the management doe not enforce any kind of health code in that restaurant either . i too , have witnessed employee not washing hand , and i have gotten food poisoning twice from undercooked burger . once - shame on you , twice - shame on me - will not go there again . the lovely occaisional drug deal out in the parking lot at night doe not help either when you have kid .
this location is terrible . the drive-thru worker are rude and they give you crap food . i waited 5 minute before being able to order , even when there wa only 1 car ahead of me . then the lady proceeded to ask me if i would like anything on my burger , and ( thinking the picture on the menu are what they are supposed to look like and they would never false advertise ) i asked `` doe not it come with the fixing like in the picture ? '' she then told me it only come with cheese . so i then went on to tell her what i wanted on my burger . pulled around and got my order pretty quick , but later when i open my burger it just meat and cheese . the meat is badly burned and cold . it wa clear to me this burger wa not fresh . i did not even attempt to eat it , what a waste of a place . they definitely need better worker .
awful in every category . the service is the worst i have ever seen . we were waiting to be seated in this half empty restaurant for 5 minute before the manager came over and seated one couple . then with more people waiting he went to the counter and took out a rag and started wiping it down . we were still being ignore until i told him it wa alright we did not need a table and left . i do not know how corporate keep this place open . i have complained numerous time but it never doe any good.take the extra 20 minute to drive to the south hill location . it pretty much the exact opposite of the waterfront . the food come out hot and properly cooked and you are not ignored by the staff .
steak 'n shake is food is pretty good and the price are not bad for the quantity of food . i ordered a grilled chicken salad with no dressing . the salad looked thrown together and wa $ 5.49 for 2 crouton , tomato , carrot , cabbage , lettuce and chicken breast . ( they forgot the cheese ! ) the staff wa not very friendly or helpful and seemed like they did not want to be there . there usually is a long wait at steak 'n shake , but if you catch them when they are not busy , you will breeze through- drive-thru that is . i do like their food and you can eat healthy option , but the staff is not helpful and the quality is not always there .
it is okay . food is cheap but portion are small . for example i order the chicken tender , and i got 3 little tiny tender , and a decent amount of fry . also the restaurant is not really clean either . this restaurant is not my number 1 choice .
i like to eat here because the food ha always been good and kid eat free on the weekend which is great . but this location is always woefully understaffed , with five or six table sitting unbussed while people wait to be seated . whether you are inside or at the drive through the wait is incredibly long . fortunately the staff are always friendly despite the ridiculous staffing level the management maintains here .
i am not a fan of this chain is food or this location service.however ! steak n shake milkshake totally rock . very thick , regular is the perfect size to get me home from the waterfront .
i really do not know how this place stay open . i have been here a couple of time . the service is slooooow . they bring you your food which is never the way you ordered it , put your bill on the table and never come back to check on you . if the place wa packed i could understand but it is usually about half full . on our last visit it took u 10 minute to get our waitress attention . we asked for some mustard , mayo , lettuce , and tomato for our burger . it took 5 minute to get the mustard and mayo . the lettuce and tomato never came . it is safe to say that we will not be back . we like the food and shake but not worth it to put up with the poor service .
fell asleep last night before i did my review what i can say about this place is their food is good their milkshake r awesome i had gotten the chicken finger with fry & a birthday cake milkshake which wa delish we got seated pretty fast & our waiter wa very polite & professional
drive through service is better than going inside if you want takeout . food is always served hot- inside it just take a lot longer than it should , both to get waited on at the counter and for the food to come . also , the lid on the milkshake cup are awful and fall off easily . make sure to hold on tight !
the hostess ( jenn of jess , i am not sure ) is atrocious . i am autistic and asked to be moved from right beside the kitchen because of noise level , and she made a huge deal of it . i ended up cry outside waiting for my partner to let me know we will been moved . 15 minute later , we had still not been moved or gotten food , and my partner and i left . this is 1:45 pm on a thursday . not at all busy . just bad service . our waitress wa very polite , though .
i have eaten here before and never had any problem . but today wa completely different . i arrived 12:15 pm to have lunch with my family . we sat there for about 25 minute and not one person came to ask u if we were ready to order . they completely ignored u so we got up and left . one table near u had to flag a waitress just to get her attention . so we went to wendy is up on 8th avenue and we had no problem ar all .
slow service . food is very cheap though . the milkshake are huge thick and yummy . sometimes when i go here , they completely ignore you when your the only person in line . the burger were good and the menu is pretty small . food take about an hour to come when no one even there ! i would go here if the service wa faster and better .
i know service speed is not a chain-wide issue . this place is just really . slow . we ordered 40 minute ago . still no food .
i ordered online last night and it wa suppose to be done at 7 : ! 5pm . i get their small line that somehow took 30mins . when i get to counter she look at my print out and say it will be done in a few . i ask to speak to manager and she call out a manager named rachel who did not show . at 8:05pm she go to check my food after me saying something ! it wa on the counter the whole time . my food wa cold and they have to the nerve to say come again . i think not !
dear my fine brother , a man once asked me : have you ever seen the rain ? well i have . the burger were charred to a crust-encased oblivion . imagine world war 3 . and by god , the viscosity of the milkshake wa uncouth . 1/5
..such an upsetting experience here . my family life an hour away and came in town for dinner and dave & buster . we knew d & b is food wa overpriced and always a long wait so we decided on here . we were a party of 6 adult and 1 kid . raquan wa our server and he wa so nice . he took our order but sadly we waited 45 minute for it to com.everyone around u who just ordered 15 minute before already had their food . i have worked at steak n shake before . it le than 10 minute to cook both the burger and fry . i have no idea if kitchen lost our ticket or what but i did see our server talking to them more than once about our order so atleast he wa on top of it.the manager here need better training . he stood at the register the entire time cashing people out even though clearly the kitchen wa behind and customer in the dining area were angry ( saw a couple leave after waiting for server and another table talk to manager about wait time ) . again i have worked at another steak n shake . the counter girl is responsible for cashing people out and take out orders.. manager should helping on the grill or over-seeing everything going on . poor raquan had to keep coming over to apologize whenever the manager should have . who tf trained the bos here ? sadly after an hour at the restaurant and 45 minute waiting on food , we told our server we had to leave . he told u dont worry about the drink . we tipped him and went to eat at chikfila . at least the rest of the night wa fun at d & b . shoutout to raquan . you are the real mvp
i waited 20 minute for charred hamburger . the bottle of seasoning on the table wa a cute idea bc lord know it did not have any seasoning on it . the waitress kept saying that they were backed up but when i looked around there wa not a lot of people there . however they ( waitress ) were nice and apologetic . but when i think of steak sandwich i did not think of what i got .
my goal of 2016 is to write more yelp review ... so here we are . my boyfriend and i just spent an hour at target getting stuff for our new house . we were hungry and wanted to grab something quick , so we went to steak and shake . i would first like to note that their parking lot and sidewalk had not been salted ... not really the best idea considering it is been icy out for two day now . anyways , we made it inside and it wa pretty crowded . we were seated within 5 minute of coming in . the service wa ok , nothing special . i ordered the single cheeseburger and cheese fry . my boyfriend got the bacon cheeseburger and cheesy bacon fry . our food came out pretty quickly and it wa the way we ordered it ( i ordered everything on my burger while my boyfriend only ordered cheese and bacon ) . our food wa good , i have no complaint . if you are looking for a quick and cheap bite to eat , then this is your place !
server took 15 minute to even seat me , then 10 more to even take my order . found out they did not even have what i wanted , a common accurance lately . once i had got my drink ( cola with a shot of cherry ) , it wa flat and tasted a little like cough syrup . their first attempt at my meal , grilled cheese steak burger melt ( in essence a steak burger on a grilled cheese ) , i wa served just a plain grilled cheese . once they had gotten me another sandwich , it seemed right except for the awkward stack of pickle in the middle , not spread out . it may seem a little nitpickey at this point , but this is by far the worst experience i have had at this restaurant , but not the first . i do not think i will be returning to suffer through that again .
waitress wa very kind at the beginning but her attitude declined rapidly . food wa alright except the french onion soup . could not believe the waitress thought it wa okay to serve . a table nearby had a problem with their food . waitress wa rude to them and the manager never came to address the issue . terrible customer service .
look so many better burger . aint no steak and no shake . ice milk at best . five guy burger much better . frosty and a daves classic much better at same price . spend a few more and goto bgr
this is the worst place i have maybe ever been to . the outside wa filthy with trash all over . the inside wa maybe worse , trash and dirty . the employee were awful , rude , slow and not caring about a thing . i can not even guess how unsanitary it might be . disgusting .
i keep forgetting how not good this location is.inconvenienced hostess seat the party before you without even acknowledging your presence . disinterested , apathetic server that ignore request like `` we need napkin '' until you have finished your meal and erupted your hand on your clothing . cook meet my food quality expectation , but give barely child sized portion on side dish . i have not seen one staff member smile the entire time i have been in here today.i consistently return to the rt 51 location because i get decent and consistent service . this one ? i only returned because i wa getting my dog groomed at the nearby petco .
a far a i am concerned , filene is basement is good for two thing : cheap dress and cheap accessories.as a young performer , i need good-looking dress for frequent audition -- and i need a couple , so i am not wearing the same thing every time . the dress on the second floor usually range from $ 30-60 and are good for over a year . it can be hard to find a full-length dress that is not reminiscent of a prom dress , but their selection of cocktail-length dress is ample.as far a accessory go , filene is tends to have cheap version of popular trend . if i feel the need to stock my wardrobe with a transient fad , filene is is the place to go .
even when we did not have a car filene is basement wa worth the bus trip to the waterfront . i always find something ( usually i find 3-4 thing and spend about $ 60 ) and better still , i am always still wearing the clothes and shoe 3 month later . i kind of suspect this is the best shopping in pittsburgh ; it is much better than the usual department store , better than marshall is and tj maxx and better than the saks downtown , even when it ha a sale . selection , bargain and quality.i like this filene is better than gabriel brother , which are harder to get to . gabriel brother are a real discount shopper is challenge and i am afraid i did not live in pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skill . . . filene is wa still up and running in june 2007 when i left town .
love this store ! do not always have much luck with the sale , but i always find something i like here . this is not your average marshall is or tj max . i think the green dress i am wearing is from filene is !
this is probably my favorite store in pittsburgh , for the selection and variety of discounted designer clothing . other store carry the same stuff but for much , much more , and it is hard to find all the stuff that the basement carry in one spot . ( yes , i admit that the 'burgh ha some cool store . ) i would do most of my clothes shopping here if i were here more often .
another store which ha gone the way of the dodo bird . actually there wa nothing basement like about it . what will be done with the empty space that is the question ?
this store is sadly not in business any more
$ 9.75 for a red bull and vodka ? i am sorry , i thought i wa in pittsburgh , not new york city . sing sing , a dueling piano bar , is fun , but it would be a hell of a lot more fun if i could have more than one watered down drink before i warbled my way through `` paradise city '' with the rest of the crowd .
really enjoyed this a lot more than i thought i would . the drink were on the pricey side , but i did not head here to get smashed .
had a great time at sing sing a while ago with friend . friendly staff . will return .
piano man to the tune of gangster is paradise ... what more do i have to say ? get there early if you want a seat , $ 7 cover and really fun crowd . we had sucha great time and i can not wait to go back .
singsing ! ! ! what a blast ! one of my favorite place to jam on earth ! ! cool bar , cool town , cool people ... what else do you need ! ! the piano player are great , funny , semi-good lookin ' ... i mean dude , you got ta go ! ! ! : ) love me some singsing !
well , the experience did not start well . when we walked in the singing we heard wa not good . oy wa it not good ... thankfully , it ( mostly ) improved from there.so there were 3 piano player rotating out on a half hour basis . so each wa on for an hour and off for half . of the 3 , two were really good . good singer , good piano player , and very funny . the third guy , well , not so much . piano skill were fine . but his singing wa not . when he sang in his range , he wa not too bad actually , but too often he reached for note that he could not get to or forced thing that just were not going to happen . often his joke fell completely flat . luckily the other two usually did most the talking.they played a variety of song a requested by the crowd and would do them in unconventional style if requested ( closer by nin a sung by a lounge singer wa a highlight ) . we requested britney spear ' toxic cause we thought it would be funny and so they gave it a shot and a luck would have it , it turned out really good . that take some serious talent to pull off . if they did not know it ( like toxic ) they will find it and play it . they played a wide variety of stuff.part of the experience is based on the crowd . we had a couple larger group ( there on a thursday night , so smallish group in general ) that they interacted with a lot , providing some running joke and comedy . of course , that also meant some annoying drunk people feeling like they could take over half the show.my friend were big fan of the super cheap beer special . $ 1 draft from rock bottom next door . the waitress wa not great but it could have been that she wa the only one there and the layout is not that easy to navigate . the bar wa generally uncrowded though so getting service there wa fast.if in the waterfront for a night out , definitely a place to hit and have some fun if you are up for some fun and willing to sit through a couple clunkers of songs/jokes . having a fun loving group of friend to mock thing with when they go off the rail a bit will help make it more fun .
while we were in pittsburgh for the winter classic on new year day , we figured we will see what the area had to offer for nye . my wife and i , along with my friend and his girlfriend hit up sing sing in homestead . it is apparently located on what wa the site of one of the largest steel mill in the area . when it closed they turned the entire site into a large outdoor shopping and entertainment development . the only remaining artifact from what once wa , were the nine or so original mill smoke stack still standing at the primary entrance . pretty cool.sing sing , which is a piano bar , is attached to the rock bottom brewery and serf a selection of rbb is in-house brew and share a similar menu . there are no tv is , no sport memorabilia ( which is rare for this city ) , and no big booth for large group . this place is all about being a cabaret with the focus on the musician . mind you this is not a bad thing , just note that if you want a bar , go next door or across the street to dave and buster . i will say sing sing hold about 150 people seated.this particular night they were hosting a ( shocker ) nye is party . for $ 40 buck a person you got a choice of two entree ( beef tenderloin tip or lemon chicken ) , veggie , mashed potato , one free drink coupon , a midnight champagne toast , and , what turned out to be over four hour of non-stop music . again ... pretty cool.there were three musician holding down the fort playing more than just piano ( drum , electric synth , bass guitar , and apparently i missed the sax ) . there wa plenty of crowd involvement . a in most piano bar you request song along with a tip . the larger the tip , the better chance of hearing your song you have . i put three request on a sheet with a 10 and managed to get two played . their rendition of toto is africa wa fantastic and surprisingly , my curve ball got hit out of the park when one of the guy actually knew the tune and word to the theme from tv is `` growing pain . '' i wa sold from that point on.i will take this time to note that this is not a family friendly joint . i am not sure if it wa 21+ only but i certainly would not bring anyone too young to drive . a good amount of sexual refrences and strong language awaits you.drinks were stiff and not horribly overpriced . i think rail mixed drink were $ 7.00 and beer were 6 or so ( rbb doe not brew anything i particularly enjoy so i stuck with rum and coke ) . all and all my bill wa not scary and i am not used to that on dec 31st . waitress staff wa really nice and incredibly attentive . no complaint there . the only down side to everything wa group seating a you are sitting at 2-top cab table . it wa easily fixed though a the group next to u wa up for rearranging table from side to side to front to back ( allowing u to talk and share food/booze etc ) , also , being a tourist , we had no idea how hard it would be to get a cab in homestead . understandably nye ha it issue with cab availability but we had to wait 2.5 hour for a cab because , a we found out , homestead is a very suburban community right outside of the city and everyone drive . ooops ! all and all a good time and someplace i will certainly return to if for any reason i will be back in pittsburgh ... a long a i have a car .
in my opinion , sing sing is really not worth it . it get expensive because you drink , maybe start to sing a few lyric , drink some more , think of a song you wan na hear , put $ 5 and title of said song on a piece of paper , you drink , they play it , everyone else is trying to get their song played so you put $ 10 on your next sticky note ... and so on and so forth . i wa not really into it when i first got there but a the night went on and lager went in i started to warm up to the place . i feel that if i have to drink in order to have a good time , it is not worth it . but again , that is just me.the 2 star are for the piano player , who are entertaining and very talented , and the rock bottom brew they serve .
so.much.fun ! i wish i could play a song at the drop of a hat . too bad i never took piano lesson and i will probably end up mumbling half the lyric other than the chorus . unless it is salt n ' pepa is shoop . this is a really great place to go when you have out of town guest or are looking for a fun place to take someone for a birthday celebration or a fun night out . it is just something different to do other than boozing it up at the bar on a saturday night . keep in mind you will be paying around a $ 5-10 cover plus whatever drink and food you get . the good thing is the food is coming from the attached rock bottom brewery . so a lot of it is restaurant quality good . plus the brewery beer is actually pretty good ! of course you will be paying restaurant price drink ... so of course they are up charged a bit . but you do pay for the whole experience ... .so you got ta get into the spirit with some spirit ! the guy who play are incredibly talented . there is 2 guy that will take request and play song on the piano . they pretty much play anything you ask . contemporary song , throw back song , fight song , rap song , pop song . you name it , they play it . my favorite part is when they switch out to another two guy . they will all four get on stage and play two piano is , a guitar and drum . they usually rock out with some fun familiar song ( um , journey , of course ! ) . the birthday song is seriously the best . they sing to you ... .and call you some name ... .with expletive . but in a totally nice way of course . you just have to go !
dueling piano bar in pittsburgh started at station square , and they died out . then when the chain restaurant magnet `` waterfront '' opened in 2000 the parent company of the rock bottom brewery decided to open sing sing in back of the brewery.when it first opened it wa pretty cool . the very first house band could put on a show that led to standing ovation . i know , i wa there . from stairway to heaven to free bird , stayin ' alive to she is my cherry pie , elton john to the bos , they were amazing at sounding like the band they were covering . equally incredible were the obscure song that audience member would shout out , song only you though you knew , and they would effortlessly sing a good portion of the song , sounding like the band who is song they sung.but today , sing sing seems like it is stuck in the early part of the 21st century . the whole dueling piano , shout out a song to stump the band , sing u a song you are the piano man ha run it is course . i do not hate sing sing , but i could never come here more than once a year . it is a been there , done that kind of place .
if you want to be wowed by musical talent and want to laugh all night , go to sing sing : ) if you send a dollar up with a song request , they will play it . if they do not know it , they will ask for the person who put the request in so they can sing something else they like , or they will look up the lyric and sing it ! ! they aim to please : ) i have definitely been pleased : )
sing sing is awesome ! ! give a buck or more and they will play anything , and if they do not know it , they will search for who requested the song so they can do something else the person will enjoy ! : ) great humor too ! ! : )
what a great time ! this place wa awesome ! i wish i lived right down the road , because i could see myself being a regular here.honestly , these guy have got some talent , like real talent . they can play the piano , sing , play guitar , and the drum . did i mention that they are all pretty hilarious , too . i will easily pay the $ 7 cover to get in here any day because it really is worth it . i am sure i will be back in no time at all . next time , i am bringing a big group of friend .
came here with a group of girl and did not have a reservation . we paid the cover , walked in and it wa absolutely packed . there wa nowhere to even stand . one of our friend wa having issue with an expired license and when we found out that not all of u got in , they let u get our $ 7 cover back without issue . i recently went with a big group who had reserved about 50 seat . people who were not in the group kept coming in to the reserved area but the staff wa very helpful in dealing with the group . they brew their own beer so do not expect to see any known brand . there are only about 6 beer on top , so if you are more of a light beer drinker you might not be too happy with the beer choice . they also have mixed drink and wine . the mixed drink around about $ 9 and they have a limited number of bottled wine ( despite what it say on the menu ) . the entertainment wa great and i would recommend it for a group outing . but definitely make sure that you have a reservation .
lame . lame a heck.the premise seemed kind of fun , but when i got there it did not take long for sing sing to disappoint . the $ 7 cover wa way too high for this place , and the drink were not good . the music the guy played wa all stuff from like 1987 . nothing modern , mostly stuff you would hear on bob fm during the two o'clock hour at work . the medley from grease wa a crowd pleaser i guess.part of their schtick is that if a member of your party is having a birthday or wedding or what have you then you can pay to have that person dragged on stage and they will sing a song to them . they were doing dirty version of well known song , and there wa really only one joke . `` hey there delilah '' became `` hey there v****a '' and that wa the cleverest one . hope you like 7th grade dirty joke , because you will be hearing a lot of them . mostly one that you already know from 7th grade.i would not recommend anybody go . i want my brain cell back .
this place ha gone significantly down hill . i have gone to sing sing about once a year for the last 6 or 7 year . when we started going there you could not get a seat unless you got there early . it wa always packed . however , each year the crowd seems to get smaller and smaller . crowd is an important component of a piano bar due to the interactive nature of it all . i wa there last saturday night ( 8/4/12 ) and there wa about 20-30 people there . very slow and boring . it appears the crowd is no longer allowed up on stage , taking a lot of the interactive fun out of what this place used to be . this wa likely my last time at sing sing . save your $ 7 and skip this place . a real shame because this place wa once a lot of fun .
had an absolute blast ! ! great for any crowd , any occasion , any age ! ashley the waitress wa amazing
picture billy joel is `` piano man '' doubled mixed with beer , a rowdy crowd , and comedy - welcome to sing sing ! a unique musical experience found in homestead.if you are looking to grab a bite to eat or a beer , come on in ! serving food and brew from rock bottom brewery , sing sing keep your tummy full while you listen to two ( or more ) amazingly talented pianist take your musical request . they will play anything you will like , for tip of course . wanting to hear britney spear ? toto ? duran duran ? yep , they play that ... new or old.the crowd make the show , so make sure you come ready for a good time . if the crowd is dead , it is harder for the guy to get a reaction . if you are wanting to have some fun , it can be a great time ! it is the perfect place for birthday party - especially if you want to embarrass a friend . the guy will bring them up to the piano and perform a little ditty . for being a good sport , you get the coveted sing sing bumper sticker . now who would not want that ? dueling piano and brew ... time to shut up & sing sing !
first time here tonight and i must say i wa not sure if i wanted to go . it seemed like it might be ok but nothing special but i decided to go with friend and man did i have a blast . the $ 7 door charge wa great figuring u had music from 8 until probably 2 am ( we left shortly after 1 ) . the food wa not super but good price reasonable . the beer left something to b desired a they r a micro brewery so u can only get their craft . i asked for something similar to yeungling but what i got wa nothing like it . the musician were great they made this place awesome . we will b back and this may b our new pittsburgh hangout
went here for the first time this past weekend . needle to say i will be returning ! it wa a blast ! ! ! it wa cheap to get in and since we got there a bit earlier we got a semi-good table . though it wa very annoying that people had reserved table right up front and never showed up . what is wrong with these people ? ! everything if you ask me ! seriously though if you are going to reserve a table , you better freaking go ! i had no complaint about the place itself ! the guy were hilarious and watching my brother get made fun of multiple time wa just the cherry on top ! anddd this ha to be the only place i have ever enjoyed being around people who were sloppy drunk , because the comedian take no prisoner ! i did enjoy when matt and joey were the one up there because they are just amazing and make it so much better ! they are great at what they do . can not wait to go back !
my friend is a piano teacher , so i took it a a good sign that sing sing would be quality stuff . it wa her birthday , and i did not really know anything about dueling piano bar . i wa picturing glossy black grand piano with glittering note , pianist in black jacket and crystal glass full of red wine . i am really , really glad i wa wrong . it wa gritty , bawdy and quintessentially pittsburgh . first off , the piano are scuffed to hell , considering the number of tipsy people who sit on them nightly while being mildly humiliated . the musician hammer away at them , and they are covered with n @ and sing sing sticker . it is obvious they have been well-loved . the music is anything but the elevator music i wa picturing ; it is rock , hip-hop , oldie , pop , and just about any genre imaginable thanks to the request system ( send up a piece of paper with some money ) and the amazing repertoire of the musician . for instance , `` rubber ducky '' and `` gangsta is paradise '' were both featured when i wa there , and both performed impeccably . they also honored a request for a taylor swift song only to receive $ 30 and a request for `` anything else , '' which they promptly followed . the musician also do funny version of popular song , and throw in thing like `` yinz '' instead of `` you . `` i saw in awe of the performer for a decent portion of the night . it must take a particularly special type of person to put on a show like this , considering the energy , confidence , wit , empathy , boldness , silliness , cleverness , and sheer talent a job like this requires . they rotate performer in and out so there is not even an intermission . i have read comment about the baseness of the humor , but i had no doubt the guy up on stage were intelligent dude . they had great personality : one wa about 140 pound , cheeky , and quick-witted . he acted out every sport in the winter olympics , and wa pretty into this 90-something-year-old lady in the audience called joan . the other had crazy hair and bright blue chuck , beatboxed a well a he sang , and made it point to play a handful of song for my friend is birthday . `` i think ray charles is the most soulful guy of all time , '' he said when she requested him.there were ton of people celebrating birthday , and one big bachelorette party the saturday night i wa there . the performer bring the birthday boy/girl , bachelor/bachelorette , etc . on stage ( for a $ 20 tip , which is pretty easy to scrounge up among friend ) and humiliate the hell out of them , i.e . this is not the place to be if you can not laugh at yourself . my friend had a short dress on when she sat on the piano , and they sang a three-minute song about her vagina.luckily , the show eclipsed the bad service and overpriced , weak drink , because those did feature heavily throughout the night . the rest of the staff wa friendly , however , and i stumbled on the door guy singing and dancing by himself , which made me smile.sing sing is definitely not an every weekend type of thing ( much like hofbräuhaus ) , but is a splendid way to celebrate a special occasion . definitely belongs on every required pittsburgh experience list .
always a good time , although it is definitely not a place i would visit often . it is great for group ... .which is quite obvious since there are always several folk there for bachelorette party and birthday . shut out to the piano player , who can not only play the piano , but also sing , play the drum and the sax . they are funny and know how to keep a crowd entertained . also know some pretty obscure song . my big criticism is the set up . if you do not have a reservation and/or come later in the evening , it is difficult to get seat . believe me , i do not mind standing , but it doe become a bit awkward when you have to keep scooting over to let waitress and patron past you . if you do find a seat , it is often littered with someone else is empty glass .
the musician at this place work hard to entertain the crowd , so i can not say they are all bad . however the minimum for a song request is $ 5 . i spent $ 20 on a song for my girlfriend and they never played it ! ! they were playing song for $ 5 and $ 10 , but my $ 40 got me no where . even if they did not know the song , which i doubt , they could have picked one they knew and improvised , my tip , save your $ $ on the requests.otherwise it is fun for special event every once in awhile .
i went here with a bachelorette party . we had reservation , which wa good because it wa packed that saturday night . the performer were very talented , but the acoustic were strangely off . the theme that ran through the whole show wa , to quote some phrase they kept repeating , `` you bitch , you slut , you whore '' and `` twinkle twinkle little slut , why do not you take it up the butt '' which one of the pianist wrote on the mirror at the back of the stage ... you get the idea ? perhaps if i had not been the designated driver , alcohol would have made these joke funny the fifth , sixth , seventh time . or maybe not .
he wa incredibly sexist/homophobic . he could barely play the piano and when we finally recognized a song we could actually dance to he literally asked me to get off stage because he did not like another on stage who could actually dance with the girl .
pretty fun place to go every once in a while , but , believe me , by the end of the night you will be ready to go . the show last around 5 hour , by the 3 hour mark you will be sick of sitting there in the crowd with your $ 9 a pop drink listening to the same dirty joke over and over and over again .
my best friend took me to sing sing for my bachelor party . i had a blast . the musician ( dueling pianist ) made fun of me in a bunch of song . they also were really good at playing requested tune ( rock ) . when the show wa over we shuffled across the hall to the connected `` rock bottom '' restaurant for some grub . we all had so much fun that we went back for my buddy is bachelor party.there were some drawback though . we went on a thursday night so the atmosphere wa lacking a the place wa pretty empty . and of course they are a little pushy soliciting tip when the place is empty . but it is not our fault the place is empty on thirsty thursday , if their drink were not so damn expensive maybe more people would show up . and sometimes they used vulgar language which wa just unnecessary since they would have otherwise still been hilarious . also there wa no table service , and the only bartender wa a bitch . i will probably be back , but only for a special occasion when i can afford it .
talented piano player , but i found it annoying they kept pushing for tip all night long . we got the message . server wa nice and song were good . it wa super loud in there so be prepared . super crowded saturday night so make sure you come early
what a great time ! the pianist are funny , talented , and just a tad crude . but just enough to be funny .
stopped in at sing sing to have a few drink and hang out with some friend . the entertainment wa fun . the guy do a great job singing , playing the instrument , and keeping the crowd pleased . sing sing is attached to the rock bottom brewery so they have house beer . i did have the sampler and i enjoyed all six beer i sampled . what a great place to hang out . i highly recommend .
what a fun place ! ! : ) the 2 guy playing piano and telling joke are great ! we went there for drink on weekend and the place had a good crowd . it is definitely entertaining and fun . not family friendly though !
sing sing is a great place to change up the pace on a saturday night ! we had a large part of 22 people so my sister took care of the reservation , but by the look of it , it seemed like every table wa reserved ! my suggestion is that you call ahead and reserve a table for however large your party is . do not forget it is $ 7 to get in unless it is your birthday it is free for you ! if you eat at rock bottom it is $ 3.50 for you to get in ! this is a dueling piano bar and it definitely a great time ! the musician are very talented and can play the drum , piano , and harmonica . well that is what it wa this night ! they played all different kind of genre ! no complaint about their musical talent for sure ! the only downfall is that they could be very vulgar towards the crowd , but it is all in good fun ! that crude humor did not bother u at all ! the service of wa fantastic l ! our server had to deal with 22 of u and did not miss a beat at all ! so you ask why 3 star , well 3 star because of the price of alcohol ! ! that wa a bit ridiculous , but at that moment when your a little tipsy it doe not seem to phase you until the next day ! it wa over $ 9 for a vodka tonic ! ! ! ahhhhh what kind of highway robbery is that ? ! ? ? but all in all it a great change of pace ! we would do it again , but definitely not drink a much the best time !
service wa terrible from the time we walked in , very overcrowded , and overrated , doe not live up to the hype in the least bit .
i brought my car here in 2006 for repair of a scratched bumper . the damage wa minimal , but the work required removing my entire bumper for repainting . the staff were very helpful in explaining my option and presenting me with a few choice to get the most bang for my buck . they completed the work in the quoted amount of time and did a great job . a few week later , i noticed a spot that needed touched up and they handled it immediately and without question . i would definitely recommend these guy if you need bodywork or paint work done .
i wa so pleased with the quality of customer service at this body shop , from the very first time i took my car in for an estimate to a couple month down the line when i got my car repaired ( they still remembered me ! ) . one thing i really like is that they always pick up the phone . you would not believe how annoying it is when business do not do this during normal business hour . they are so personable and gave me an honest quote that i could not turn down because it wa the lowest in town ( i checked out 5 place ) . they just really made this process painless and smooth . i believe it is a family-run business , and boy doe it show in their hospitality.fran and jason were the one that i worked with -- extremely knowledgeable and patient , especially with a customer like me who want to make sure all the paperwork is thorough and calculation are accurate . joe diiorio is ( with an `` i '' not an `` l '' ) auto body also work closely with enterprise car rental down the street , so they came and picked me up . those guy down there have a great relationship with this body shop a well and were really accommodating.overall , the quality of their work is amazing . i had a large dent on the driver side front bumper and had to replace my light ( they ended up getting an oem light instead of the aftermarket one because it did not match ) and get a brand new bumper . they blended the paint for me , washed , waxed , and vacuumed my car , and their work ha a lifetime guarantee . what can i say other than give my highest recommendation and hope other yelpers can find this helpful , a this is how i found out about them .
from my first phone call to joe diliorio is , i wa impressed . every staff member i spoke too wa kind and eager to help . i wa treated like an important client even though my car needed only moderate repair from a low speed collision . i wa able to bring my car in right away for an assessment of the damage . joe dilorio is took care of everything from that point on . they dealt directly with my insurance company , ordered the part ( even getting new part instead of the used one my insurance company wrote the estimate for , at no cost to me ) , and gave me a call when all the part came in . i then brought my car back to them and they completed the repair in a timely fashion . when i arrived to pick up my vehicle , i wa pleasantly surprised to see that they had vacuumed , washed , and waxed my car ! most importantly , the repair work wa absolutely top notch . they masterfully blended the paint to match older part with newer repair part . my car look even better than before the wreck ! if you do not want any hassle , want to be treated with respect , and want your car looking fantastic , give these guy a call ! -adam
joe dilorio is auto body shop wa so helpful when i needed to get window replaced . the were able to give me a lower quote then competing auto body shop in the area . they were also incredibly friendly and a pleasure to do business with . i am planning on taking my car here for all future auto need .
this is the best place we have ever taken our car to . their customer service is outstanding . it appears that they really like doing what they do because they are always willing to explain everything in detail . i also like that they do not over charge . i completely trust them to be honest and do the best job possible .
this place is amazing ! i needed my car repaired after an accident and the guy here were so helpful . they set me up with a rental car a soon a i dropped my car off , repaired my car in a timely manner , detailed it for free , and their customer service wa unbelievable ! ! ! i can not recommend this place more !
i am grateful to my insurance company for recommending di iorio is auto body shop . after an accident , i needed some body work done a soon a possible . the other recommended shop would not even make an appointment to see me for day . these guy fit me in that afternoon , and coordinated the rental too . everyone i worked with wa courteous and pleasant , and the work wa done more quickly than expected . moreover , they found way to help save on the expense . the car came out looking better than before the accident -- a few day later , i noticed they had buffed out some scratch that were not even part of the repair area . i will definitely be back next time i need auto repair .
i had a good experience with this body repair shop several year ago , so took my car back again recently . this time wa a lot different - the repair took longer than promised , and wa not done a well a i expected it to be . i guess they are no longer interested in repeat customer .
so lucky to be referred to joe diiorio is after moving to pittsburgh . i have been taking my car here since 2011 and i recommend them to everyone . it is really invaluable to have `` car guy '' that you trust . i could detail many experience here ( in comparison to other chain shop ) , but suffice it to say that they have always been honest , helpful , and fair .
you can find pretty good body work without too much trouble . finding a place that is friendly , prompt , and organized that also doe good body work is more difficult . joe dilorio is delivers on all count . highly recommended for the next time you -- or somebody else -- make a little mistake on the road .
amazing repair service . i hit a really fat raccoon in the appalachian ( it wa dark and rainy and i did not see the poor thing until it wa too late ) while going fairly fast down a hill . the raccoon destroyed my front bumper , the grill , and my right fog light . thankfully i had duct tape in my trunk . anyway , once i got back to pittsburgh , i called my insurance agent.my insurance referred me to diiorios and i am really glad they did ! the staff wa very friendly and helpful doing the estimate . they even set up a rental for me when i wa having the car repaired . they kept me updated on the status of the car and were just really pleasant to work with the whole time.hopefully i do not have to get any body work done on my car again anytime soon , but if i do , i know i am going to take back to diiorios .
i did not like the customer service of this body shop.. there price estimate for my repair wa outrageous.. they will not be getting my business
i have gotten a few more estimate since i wrote my original review.. i found that joe dilorio is repair estimate wa three time the price of the other auto body shops.. if you do not believe me= check yourself..
good sevice everytime my bmw is there . look like it came off the show room floor after it fixed from a collision everytime .
typical , but new . you see all of the people that are walking in and out and , i must say , the customer look like they work for a living hear . i swear one of the guy wa covered head to toe in soot . that is amazing . ran around the store looking for those few item that i needed to satisfy my need to build and create . minimal help from the small quantity of employee , but some of them actually asked if i needed help -- after i had found the item .
when making a customer is paymento atlowe is , we have our checklist:1 . do the phone number match ? nope , but that is fine since people are always changing their phone number anyways.2 . doe the name on account match name on check ? nope , but mistake happen at those pesky check companies.3 . doe the account number on the check match the account number on the screen ? why should it , those computer are always making mistakes.now that we have verified that all the information is correct , we can process the payment . the customer will be so happy that we did not have to bother them with any silly question . ******i am sad to say that this is an actual occurrence . what wa originally an average lowe is ha turned into lowe is hell . if the associate do not have basic logic comprehension , how do they survive ?
your typical area big box hardware store . it is convenient to go to because of the proximity to other store and how close it is to so many communities.ca not really say much else about this place other than with the self checkout lane it is a breeze to run in and then out without having to deal with a single associate .
this local lowe is serf it purpose for my husband and me -- a convenient home improvement store that we run into every month or two . i am most impressed by the lawn and garden section of the store . i am not sure how it compare to other lowe is store , but when shopping at the home depot in north fayette last fall , their flower selection wa dismal compared to this lowe is .
waterfront lowe is beat monroeville lowe is for lawn and garden . hate to admit it , but it is true .
my husband and i went to the store on june 29th . we planned to purchase two door . we decided to pay $ 35.00 to have an installer come to the house and measure so that lowes can install the door . we would be paying several hundred dollar to get the door installed . after the installation , lowe is would refund u the $ 35.00 . our paperwork said we would receive a call from an installer within 2 business day . i also had a few other question that our salesman said the dept manager would call me about the next day . never received a call from anyone at lowe is ! by july 2 we still had not heard from the installer or the dept manager . i called the dept manager and asked him my few question that i had . he answered one question and said he would have another millwork person call me . millwork never called me ! by july 3 , i called our salesman ( david crane ) . he wa surprised that i had not heard from the installer . he told me he would send a message to the installation dept about calling us.today it is july 8th and we still have not heard a peep from anyone at lowes . our total order that we planned on spending at lowe is wa around $ 1700.00 ! ! i called today and asked to talk to a store manager . i told him that we have not heard from anyone at lowe is and that we are not going to proceed with our order . i told him we would like our $ 35.00 back . he said ok , just bring in your receipt the next time you are at the store . he never apologized , he never even asked me what my customer number wa so he could look up our order and maybe somehow save this sale ! ! ! ! i can not believe how unprofessional this store wa ! goodbye lowes ... hello home depot ! ! what a shame ! david crane our salesperson wa very nice and helpful to u ... too bad he is losing the sale .
lowe is is my goto store for home improvement supply . it is convenient and local to me . customer service is always great and price are fair . my most recent experience with customer service wa amazing . so a hose burst on my hot tub . call repair guy or try to fix it myself ? i gave it a go . took picture of the hose and fitting and headed to the plumbing section . i showed the gentleman the picture and asked for help . he did not have exactly the fitting for a hot tub , but gave me what he thought would work . it did ! under $ 3 buck later and all wa a go ! winter came and it sprung a leak in same spot . my fault and maybe lack of strength to tighten fitting and frigid temp . back to plumbing section . same gentleman . gave me the advice again and bam , fixed ! this is what i want in customer service . sadly , i can not remember his name . ( bad customer on my part . ) thank you ! ! !
lowe is is my first stop for all of my home project . i am currently redoing door . lowe is ha knowledgeable employee that offer advice to the diys a well a a stable of contractor to hire out the big job . return are handled seamlessly , who doe not grab the wrong part ? their garden section is great for spring planting . they have competatively priced appliance . 5 % off with lowe is credit card is also nice . having those large item delivered is a convenience . their best asset is the expertise of the staff . i frequently change mind on an original concept based on their input . highly recommended
i went into lowes for a few item -- one being a dehumidifier . i asked 2 different employee to assist -- they were rude and told me to read the box . being 8 month pregnant i could not lift the box into the cart and they did not much care . finally after asking another 3 employee -- i found one to help . so much rudeness -- checking out and trying to find other item . clearly there are zero expectation for customer service here .
i stopped in because i needed to buy some damprid for my bathroom . i wa in the waterfront doing some other shopping when i decided to just stop here . i asked a gentleman where i could locate this product and he stated in would be in one of two aisle . i am always impressed at home improvement store how the employee know exactly where every product is.. no matter how small or popular . i went into the first aisle mentioned with no luck then onto the next one . i still didnt have luck and asked another employee who said i wa in the right aisle but the product wa located at the very end on the bottom shelf.while i wa satisfied with the customer service , it would have been easier and more friendly if one of those worker showed me where the product wa . i am always lost in these store . lowes competitor kind of go well beyond and show you exactly where product is.not a big deal , just explaining my 3 star review : ) the damprid wa sold in a 2 pack for under $ 6 . i left satisfied .
excellent wing and sandwich , generally good food otherwise , and fair price -- nice casual place . the service can be a little slow due to how popular the place get at peak time .
the food here can actually be a little hit and miss , but i love the grilled cheese club with fry . i get it way too much . people make fun of me.they have a ten dollar minimum for credit card , fyi .
3.5 rounding down . it been a while since jb and i ate here and i would consider going back but we just have not gotten around to it . the beer selection looked great but the first 3 beer that i wanted `` had not come in yet '' ( they were in the middle of expanding their offering , this really bother me ... if you do not have the product , do not put it on the menu ) .its not necessarily vegetarian friendly , i got a pizza and it wa good , not fantastic , only good . justin wa satisfied with his meal . it a good place to eat if you live in the neighborhood but i would not recommend going out of your way .
great atmosphere and even better people -- -- wait staff wa very friendly and the french onion soup wa amazing ... .definetly recommend the home made chip ... great bar in the up and coming homestead area ... ..highly recommend
we are always looking for non-chain restaurant by the waterfront ( they do exist ... ) , and this ha become a favorite . i have had the hot roast beef & fry and the corned beef on rye , and both were delicious . every beer i have had here ha been ice cold , and the service ha been strong too . it is a great place to watch a pirate game too .
stopped by on a mon evening after trying to dine at smoke taqueria which is closed monday . parking on street in front or behind off hay st. super friendly bartender . in warmer month they have huge outdoor area & big screen & upstairs cornhole game area . okay draft beer selection and big bottle selection . tried the italian club which wa really good - two of u split one . also tried sweet potato fry - amazingly good ! home made chip w bleu were overpowered by sauce . bathroom wa in need of plaster and wall repair & wa grossed out by toilet brush/holder on a shelf near toilet at eye level . bet it is a fun place in warmer month .
awesome wing and pubgrub ! great beer selection and fun bartender .
this place is overrated . a friend and i were looking forward to a beer and some good bar food- instead the wing were terrible and the beer wa good but overpriced . there is nothing wrong with this place i just do not understand the clout around it . there should be no clout .
there is lot of potential here because of the wonderful character and ambiance of this place , but the food wa average at best . we were there on a pen playoff night and there were 2 people working all the table in both room . our food came to u cold and unimpressive at that . our order were somewhat mixed up . the potato skin used a really cheap artificial cheese that wa not very appealing . i tasted a slice of pizza , which is definitely the best thing they offer . the crust wa delicious and homemade . if you are going to order something , i would go with the pizza . we also ordered the chicken wing which were pretty good , also . if you are looking for good food , homestead better choice at blue dust or tin front .
before today i probably would have given this place three star based mostly on their beer selection ; however , today the service wa terrible . we waited two hour for a pizza sub , french onion soup , fry , and buffalo chicken tender . about an hour and a half in we finally got the small pizza sub and the wrongly made buffalo chicken tender ( ie , no hot sauce ) . we were told by the waitress that she realized it wa wrong , but decided to still bring it out to see if my gf would eat it . she sent it back . by a half hour later , we still had not received the buffalo chicken tender , nor the french onion soup ( which should have been mostly made already ) , and no fry . we were told the chef wa new , but no effort wa made really to make the situation better . no quick and easy app or beer on the house . to boot , the beer wa pretty expensive . i will probably give the place another chance based on their beer selection , but it will not be for a while . the food ha always been average at best , and the pizza sub wa no different . we ended up leaving after two hour without receiving 75 % of our order .
i am reading on here that the food is really hit or miss . i have only gone to duke is one time , but the food wa good . it wa not too busy so our service wa very attentive and it did not take long to get our food at all.the place is separated between a bar area and a more family style dining area . we sat in the dining area because the bar area wa pretty full . the dining room area definitely fill up with an older , have lived in pittsburgh all their life crowd , while the younger crowd is in the bar area . i will definitely be back since i live in the area .
duke ... the owner ... is the man . he is a true pittsburgher and he love everyone from pittsburgh . he look like he will beat you up but he is a softy with a big heart . look for the bald guy with the raspy voice and make friend ... he will hook you up . he is also totally into the development of other pittsburgh business and he host event for local startup . ask him for a tour of the old eat n park next door ... i believe his intention is still to turn it into an incubator of sort . fortunately , the bar is close enough to the waterfront that it is just far enough out of the ghetto ... the crowd is certainly decent . definitely have some beer on the porch in the summer ... especially in the rain ( lower level is covered ) . very relaxing atmosphere . i wish my company wa located in the area so we could frequent duke more steadily ( we are on the north side ) . still worth the drive to feel at home , have a good bite and some cold beer .
i have been to duke is three time now . when i first came to pgh , a lot of local were telling me that this wa a good place to catch a game , drink some brew and get great food . most of that is true , but the bad ha mostly outweighed the good.they have an excellent new tap system . last time i went , they had thirsty dog leghumpper on draft , and it wa perfect . the system really elevates already awesome beer . plus , the selection is awesome . it is a sports-themed bar , so you can expect drunk local , loud tv is and plenty of yelling . i am sort of into that , so it doe not bother me , although i do think their staff is not well equipped enough to work among the chaos . service is often slow , and they give the waitress zero training in the beer that they offer . this is not a good place for trying something new , a they can not tell you a thing about it . the biggest downfall of duke is , though , is the food . i have had three different , but equally simple , dish there ; a burger , a cheesesteak and chicken tender . the first wa flavorless and cold . the second wa passable , but nothing special . and the last were absolutely awful . honestly , the batter and size of the chicken made me so ill , i had to call it an early night . i ate two of the 7 tender ( seven ! ) and had to quit . their fry are very good . and so are the wings.i will say duke is is a good place to drink , but that is about it .
food is good here . great beer selection on tap . sometimes the beer is on the pricey side . what i want from a neighborhood bar is a neighborhood special . pinkerton is one of the best sandwich . good place to watch football , hockey , baseball .
one of my favorite local eatery . the mild & wild sauce is my absolute favorite , i wish i could purchase it . i am not a big bar food junkie but the tomlin sandwich is great & reminds me of a fathead sandwich . food portion is great . the only complaint i would have if any is the craft beer is a little on the pricey side , a usual in most local bar . friendly service , will continue to frequent with my family .
came back tonight after a hiatus and missing out on getting food from the franktuary truck at voodoo homestead . i wa going to get a burger until i saw on the back of the menu that they do prime rib on saturday evening . for $ 19 you got a large cut of meat , which wa pretty tasty , a large side salad , and i chose a loaded baked potato for the side . they were a little chintzy with the side . the prime rib came with no horseradish sauce or au jus . i asked for a horseradish sauce , which they had , but the container wa so small i had to ask for another . it wa a similar situation with the large side salad . it wa pretty big , and required at least a second side of dressing . the food wa all pretty good , with the prime rib taking the lead and the baked potato bringing up the rear . a always , the beer selection wa pretty solid and i really enjoyed my east end brewery monkey boy .
we recently ordered fish sandwich from here . they were huge ! we did get the large , but it wa so big we could have just shared one . wa not over fried . the french fry were hot and also very good . we will definitely be going again to try something different .
if you want to know the people from homestead/munhall then duke is the place for you . a local favorite they have seen a lot of growth since i started going 10 year ago . they have a great selection of beer but i think where they really shine is in the food department . my favorite sandwich there is the pinkerton and it is often hard to get anything else every time i go . pierogi pizza is pretty good a well a there gigantic sampler platter that a party of 4 could eat together ! duke is also an awesome place to watch sporting event with their see it from any angle tv selection all around the bar . soup of the day are awesome ( potato soup yes please ) and they have a excellent happy hour special that will save you a few dollar . i have always been treated with a welcoming vibe from the staff and i do not have any complaint .
went to duke last week . they have really renovated the place , and added a lot of large screen tv is . the best part , tho , is the vast improvement in draft beer selection . i counted 46 beer on tap . if you are a beer head and are at the waterfront shopping are , this is definitely one of your best choice . the food is above average , and the selection is common pub fare .
i find it frustrating to read bad review about great bar and restaurant that are based on almost nothing . i eat and drink here about once a month and everything is great . i have eaten here around 50 time and never had a bad meal . great draft and great service . this is the best bar in this area .
i went to duke is upper deck cafe recently and overall really enjoyed my visit . i went there to watch an elite 8 game , and felt a little out of place a i wa the only person in the bar that did not seem to know everyone who wa there . however , that quickly went away because the regular and bar staff were extremely friendly and made the entire game more enjoyable ( i wa cheering for my alma-matter from outta state and they all encouraged me to enjoy the game and not worry about bothering them if i wa loud ) . the drink were very fairly priced and feature a full bar and some great craft beer option . the food wa just ok . i ordered the wing , which were very good in a unique way . the sauce is a mix of ranch and buffalo sauce and the wing come submerged in it . initially this threw me for a loop but after trying them i can see why people love them , messy but delicious . i also ordered the pita pizza , i would not recommend this a it just wa not very good . i am looking forward to returning to duke is this summer when i can sit outside and enjoy some craft beer and those delicious wing .
the chili dog rock ! the portion are huge so come hungry . big selection of appetizer that go beyond the standard bar food list . great selection of draft beer . noise level is good for lunch but may be loud for dinner .
love duke and love the food . i wish i could figure out the closing time or i wouldnt plan so many after work gathering . their food is amazing never had a bad meal and their price are standard for craft and actually pretty cheap for domestic
i really do not see how anyone could give this place a bad review . the food is fantastic and if it is not my belly luring me in then it is the awesome beer selection they have . my suggestion for those who are leery to try duke after reading other ridiculous review is just order what they have on special that night ... everything is good so you can not go wrong and it will most likely come out faster and hotter being that it is on special . if not i could suggest other delicious thing to eat but i do not feel like typing out the entire menu ... they often switch the beer out so there is always a constant flow of different and unique craft beer on tap ... they can also print you out a list of beer and their percentage so you know what you are in for ! ( lol ) anyhow i love this place , the owner , and the staff ! i highly suggest it to everyone who like good beer and good food !
my boy and i stopped here for dinner one night . it wa cold and dreary outside but warm and homey in here . our server wa extremely nice . the menu had lot of option . they are kind of known for their potato soup so that is what i had . it is very good . it is a very thick soup that is velvety smooth . i would definitely order it again . it wa perfect for a rainy night . my youngest son had chicken tender . they looked a little over cooked but i tasted one and it wa good . the coating wa crispy and the chicken wa juicy . my older son ordered wing with their house made sauce . it wa good but not spicy enough for him . i thought it wa good and would order it the next time i go .
had corned beef sandwich . meh . onion ring were horrible . extremely breaded and doughy . greasy a all get out . i hope the chef will take the hint when all of the breading come back , a i had to peel it away to get to the onion .
what a cool place in homestead . love the environment and the food wa really good . stop here then head to the waterfront to see a movie . it will be a great night .
thank god for the draft list is all i can say . 3 thing that were ordered were all wrong . asked for no onion on all 3 and they all had onion on them . the place wa not busy at all so if it wa i could understand . the burger wa solid though , steak on the salad wa ice cold even though we were asked how we wanted it cooked so i assumed it wa cooked to order and would come out at least warm . the inside of the place wa clean and neatly decorated so that is a positive . really loud place inside . i will come here for the awesome draft selection but might pas on the food .
cool place to hangout . good food , good price and selection on beer and solid service . geographically not in the most convenient of location though , so that is why it is getting 4 , not 5-stars . would recommend going here .
stopped for late lunch yesterday ( 3/4/16 ) . extensive draft beer selection , by which i wa pleasantly surprised ( many neighborhood pub in pittsburgh , it is bud light , yuengling or nothing , it seems ) . food menu is large and pretty typical pub fare , burger , sandwich , pizza , etc . ordered the tuna melt special , which wa nothing spectacular , but tasty enough . pleasant atmosphere and bartender wa very friendly . would like to go back when the weather is better and the back deck is open . overall , a good local alternative to all the chain place down in the waterfront .
the transformation of this place is beyond amazing . if you have not been there in a while you owe it to yourself to check it out . clean and consistent . friendly and fresh . hand down our favorite place to eat in the area .
2 strike . enjoy the fact that there are other option in the area like duke but our last couple visit have been very disappointing . hate to do it but i need to leave a review in hope the manager can get thing right . one of the main issue is that the kitchen is overcooking the hell out of the food i have ordered the past 2 visit . i can deal with a long wait which is understandable when there is a game on but having to wait for something that come out missing something and overcooked can be frustrating especially given the cost . last visit wa a burger . i gave up and refused the offer for another . bartender were super cool about it and even offered me free drink token which i decided to redeem today . i felt bad just ordering free beer so i ordered a sandwich . it wa the roast beef and turkey club which wa described specifically on the menu a medium rare which sounded pretty good to me . the roast beef wa beyond that . i would say extra well done . obviously one of the chef is struggling but i am not totally sure that the beef wa cooked in house . i am not a chef but know when to pull a roast beef out of the cooker to achieve the proper temp . anyway i decided not to say anything since the sandwich wa still pretty edible and because of my girlfriend being embarrassed of me complaining . decent beer selection . waitress wa very pleasant and attentive . bar staff not so much this visit . we were ignored until i grabbed a table in the back . neither of u were not very happy about this . possibly a no standing policy since there wa only one empty chair at the bar ? at least say something/acknowledge the customer that ha been standing clearly in your view for 10 min obviously waiting for a drink .
duke is is one of pittsburgh is best kept secret in my opinion and one of my favorite spot to drink . the interior is really nice , the outdoor section is also really spacious and great for warm weather day . beer selection is great and the bartenders/waitstaff are always on their game . when i come with large group i find that the waitress are always very attentive and quick on their foot . if i had one minor complaint it would be with the food . some people might like it but when it come to appetizer i just find that they go wayyyy overboard with the greasiness/breading . i would highly recommend duke is to anyone who is looking to mix it up .
great place for a birthday party ! a family gathering ! a work retirement party ! or even a double-date ! a combination watering hole , great place to eat and great entertainment for adult ! adult game ! the homestead ( pittsburgh ) location of dave & buster is just one of the almost 50 location across the country - from new york to florida to california - - from canada to mexico . the dave & buster idea wa conceived in little rock , arkansas back in the 1970s . two different business ( one a popular watering hole & one a game & entertainment business ) were right next door to each other . the two young owner were friend and quickly realized that combining their business made perfect sense . so they opened the first combined d & b in . . . . no , not little rock , but dallas ! to this day there are no d & b is in little rock . not sure what is up with that ! but lot of other city have been the beneficiary of these two friend combining their businesses.the one in pittsburgh is the only one i have ever been to . when i lived there , a group of friend and co-worker ( and me , of course ! ) used to go there for happy hour & power hour . . . . at least once a week . we had a blast ! a great place to kick-back and let the worry of the work day melt away.wonder if they will ever open one in marin county , can ? shuck ! probably not . not a marin county scene , for sure . what a blast it wa though ! i miss going to d & b . they have all the classic , like billiards & shuffleboard , plus over 200 interactive & video game . a rechargable power card provides an easy way to access all the game . power hour is game happy hour - - an entire hour of classic and video game for just ten buck . a great bar , wonderful food and service ! a relaxing and fun way to spend a friday or saturday evening . you will never want to leave . meet your friend here , grab a beer and a burger or steak and hit the game . time will just evaporate . . . . while you laugh and drink with your favorite girl , your best friend or even your bos ! dave & buster ! lot of parking ! lot of fun ! fun ! fun ! fun ! fun ! fun ! fun ! . . . . bring on the beer !
d & b is nice once in a while but the food is insanely unhealthy . they are also really clever about designing the psychological context in way to extract money from their customer . you feel a bit milked afterwards . also much fatter.you pay for game using credit from mag-stripe card . this let d & b give their game arbitrary price and make it harder for you to really know how much you are spending . menu for drink and food have no price . $ 6.05 for a banana split cocktail ? $ 3.40 for a michelob ? i have no idea whether that is expensive but not showing the price is clever because they can price their thing and not have to obey pricing psychology ( like anchor and so forth ) .waitstaff hassle you repeatedly to order dessert . oh , and the dining room ha plastic demo dessert tray to get that thought going in your mind a you walk to your table.the game are all violent shooter or racing game do not appear to have changed much since 2002 when i last went to d & b in california . hope they can find more innovative arcade game in the future.not a pleasant experience , but at least it is different from going to an ordinary restaurant .
this wa actually the first time i have ever been to a dave and buster's.walking into such a huge space , especially coming from the often narrow venue in san francisco wa strange.un-nerving actually . because dave and buster is is all about excess . almost obscenely so.as far a food - their stuff is standard . most of it is fried and a another reviewer pointed out - not very healthy . at all actually . you have to really scour the menu to find some somewhat decent viable and nutritious options.but most people do not come to dave & buster is for food . they come for the games.and while i have never been that into video game or arcade game - my brother and sister always have . i wa apprehensive about having a good time here - but after awhile - my sibling ' enthusiasm about the place became contagious and i found myself really enjoying myself.especially once i realized that i have mad skill at skee ball . and proceeded to dominate.trust .
think chuck e. cheese for adult . skee ball , video game pool table . clean environment . good fun.unfortunately , i went for a bite to eat and it wa impossible to find anything good and healthy on the menu . i ended up settling for spinach dip . sadly , they topped the dip off with horrible orange shredded cheese that appeared to have been popped in the microwave for a few second . blahhhh . trying to get something healthy , i ordered the apple pecan salad . i swear the dressing came right out of the grocery store bottle . i could barely eat the salad . too sweet.my mom ordered a steak roll ... ..holy friedness ! the steak wa more like hamburger fried with cheese and then stuffed into breading that wa fried again ! yowzer ! artery clogger for sure . i like the atmosphere . i like the bar area . perhaps next time we will just stop by for drink instead .
i love the game here but can not go very often since they do not rotate new game in very often . the place is usually pretty clean.pool table often have a wait on the weekend but are some of the better one you will find in the city.food is just `` ok '' drink price are fair but not great .
dave and buster is is an enigma , is it dining , a bar , or playground for video game lover ? let me get the bar part out of the way first , it is overpriced , and they try to get you to buy a glass to jack up your bill . next , the food . just like all the chain place at the waterfront , there are sandwich , burger ( yes they have a blue cheese burger , who doe not ? ) pasta , salad , chicken finger , yadda yadda . the game , i swear over three quarter of the game have been there since 2000 when the place opened . i guess in ten year no new game have hit the scene.overall dave and buster is is unique to the waterfront , but it is time to update the menu , update the game , and get into the second decade of the 21st century .
because i have significantly younger sister , i go to dave and buster about twice a year . it is fun for them and nostalgic for me . it can get expensive and the 'prizes ' are cheap but it make for great `` sister day '' a for the food , we have eaten there once and never again . it is just blah ... frozen and fried . the veggie burger wa put on there a an afterthought just so they could say they offer it . a frozen boca patty thrown on a bun . thanks ! i could have ran to costco for that . drink are rather expensive but that is to be expected . so go for the game , fun and laughter and maybe stop somewhere else for drink and a bite to eat ( skip the bountiful chain that span the waterfront and try blue dust on amity street ) .
the food wa absolutely gross ! i ordered a turkey club which come on a wheat bun with avocado , bacon , and turkey breast . what i got wa totally different from the picture ! first of all the sandwich wa on sliced bread ( lame ) ! there wa no avocado , 1 slice of bacon , no lettuce , and to top it off instead of turkey breast they used freaking lunch meat ! lol no , not the kind that you get from the deli , the other sweaty nasty looking stuff ! gross ! our waitress wa awful but they were extremely understaffed so i would have a bit of an attitude if i had to wait 10 table without assistance too . the manager wa really nice ... of course that disgusting sandwich that i did not eat wa free .
the usual fun center.you can play game using a play card which you purchase there . game price can be confusing- - - 2.3 , 5.7 , 9.9 credit , etc.the arcade can be fun if you bring some friend . almost every game is a ticket game and there are few innovative or exciting game choices.i did not eat there , so i can not rate the restaurant part of dave and buster .
we came here on a saturday night and luckily it wa not a packed a i thought it would be . i love playing ticket game so luckily there were a lot of game to chose from and not many video game ( sorry video game lover ! ) we only played $ 20 worth of game and surprisingly we were there for awhile . i love their new wheel of fortune game ! on our first play , we ended up winning a little over 700 ticket ! they also have fruit ninja a a game . it wa fun with the big widescreen but unfortunately you do not win a many ticket a you would hope . i wish their ticket center would have individual ticket counter like the other d & b is i have been to , where you feed a counting machine your ticket . at this place , they just weigh your ticket and give you the final count . we did not try the food here and instead went to p.f . chang is to eat before coming here , but the eat & play deal looked fun . too bad it wa only restricted to certain time of the day . overall i had a blast here and definitely would come back . hopefully next time when there is a deal or promotion .
a table for 16 please ... that is what i had to ask for and knew that d & b could accomodate.i happen to be in the homestead area for work . i really wanted to dig into my yelp bag of trick provided by local yelpers and introduce my team to the `` shock and awe '' they deserved but ... the shear number would made it hard.when i started thinking about how we would have a manageable lunch - the only idea i could come up with wa the golden corral - i knew that wa not going to work for me.we decided to do something local and walking distance - d & b wa it.it is what you expect - quiet for lunch video game and a bar nearby but i had to forgo any festivity - it wa a work lunch . i wa pleased they had a under 600 calorie menu . i am trying to maintain a normal diet due to my stretchy pant being out of style and not wanting to look like a character out of family guy.the waitress wa very friendly and organized . i ordered the cabo style chicken - chicken breast lightly seasoned and char-grilled , topped with pineapple pico de gallo and served with spicy rice and steamed fresh vegetables.it wa eh ... the chicken wa cooked but the pineapple pico de gallo wa bland . the rice wa bland . the vegetable were cold . i really blame it on the fact i wa with 15 compatriot for lunch so i am giving it a fair rating . everything wa edible.my team went with deep fried food and burger . they seemed pleased.service - very goodfood - okay , not great . my meal wa $ 13ambiance - well it wa clean but there were not really any people in d & bthere are so many other choice for lunch that are local and close . i would definitely recommend another in squirrel hill - i suggest you use yelp to find you a better one ( then come back and play ! ; - ) )
not much of a review for this one , but just a few tidbit of info ... pool ( on friday/saturday ) is $ 14 per hour ( i am pretty sure it $ 10 through the week ) mixed drink are way too pricey for the location.the food is crap.the game are fun and the pool table are nice ( they are the big tournament style/size , not the shitty bar-room , tiny pool table ) .that is all . : ) ( the pricing is based on my recent trip.we shot pool for a few hour , i had a bar tab ( that wa not out of control ) and my night ended up costing me $ 60
i love dave and buster ! ! it is a great place to go when you are wanting to have a great time with a great group of friend . if you find you and your friend bored on a friday or saturday night , come to d & b and win some prize ! ! it is pricey though , so bring some major moolah
dave and buster is the best place to eat and play game . there is many fun game and prize to win . i highly suggest if you want to play game , go wednesday when all the game are half off . food is pretty good and a nice bar . the downside is that the booze is pretty pricey .
when did dave and buster is become a daycare ? ? everywhere you look , there are sign that say kid must be accompanied by an adult , but apparently no one wa honoring that at 6pm on a saturday . i could not even walk through the place without someone shoving me . ahhh ! i get that dave and buster is is an arcade and that you are going there to play some game , maybe eat , and kill some time . when i last went there a few year ago , we there for my bachelor party , and while i am sure we got into some shenanigan , i do not remember child running wild there . we were having adult beverage , playing game , and having a good time . this time , it wa ridiculous . it is not chuck e. cheese , yet that is how parent seem to be treating the place.on top of that , the customer service sucked . the place is gigantic , with table and serving area everywhere , yet on a saturday at 6pm , the hostess told u ( after interrupting u three time to chat with the other hostess ) told u it would be a three hour wait , despite the fact that there were empty table all over the dining room . i suspect this is a ploy to get you to play game and spend money until you are table is ready , but the food at dave and buster is is not worth a three hour wait on any day.the hostess told u we could be served right away if we went to the midway and found an empty table , so we attempted that . most of those table were empty with usually one or two adult at a giant empty table filled with coat who informed u that they needed the table because their kid would be back soon after playing game . next , i engaged in the most rudest thing i have ever done- i began stalking table where people were finishing up . i would walk up to people paying their check , ask if i could have their table when they were done , and they would inform me that there were already two or three people who asked them and i should get in line.finally , we found a table and proceeded to spend two hour eating dinner . it wa not because we ordered a lot of food- it wa that the waiter took forever to bring our food out . he seemed to have no problem getting u fresh drink , until we drank a much a we could and then asked for water . after that , he seemed to come around a lot le . i had the build your own chicken taco , which come on a giant plate with all kind of fixing . the fixing were fresh , but the chicken wa cold and dry , and the tortilla were dried out a well . for $ 14 , it wa not worth it . after dinner we proceeded to play game , which entail shoving people to get through area and waiting in line to play anything . all in all , i did not like my experience at dave and buster . i remembered it being a fun place to go and unwind a an adult . but between all the kid and the crappy service , can not recommend this place . if anyone asks me to go back , i may elect to stay home and poke my eye with a fork .
not a cheap night out you will end up spending money here . but it is busy fun entertaining and a good time out . i ate dinner here and the food wa great i also played pool and the arcade game .
my friend and i both had friday off so we decided we wanted to do something more interesting than just hit up a bar on thursday night . we settled on dave and buster . i went on facebook and printed off a coupon for buy $ 20 get $ 20 in play free ( we split the card , it took u about 1.5-2 hour to get through ) the game were not *quite* a fun a i remembered , but it wa still a good time . the place wa far from crowded , and when a machine wa out of ticket , it took u a good deal of time to find someone to assist u . when we did , the team at d & b could not have been more accommodating . to apologize for our wait they swiped u in for several game a well a gave u a handful of token for the game we were playing . i think a lot of company ( i am looking at you , american airline ) could learn a lot from d & b . it cost them virtually nothing to swipe u in for game , but it made our experience so much better.drinks are half-price after 8 or 9 , my tropical mojito wa awesome ! my friend and i are definitely planning on going back on a wednesday for half-price game and half-price drink .
dave and buster is ha to be split up into separate experience to rate it . dining : 2 starsi had a party of 20 coming in ; i had called ahead of time , and arrived early . they immediately set up the table while about 4 of my friend and i waited ; the hostess , after taking my name , never spoke to u again . she did not tell u when we could sit , how long it would be , or any other information . and then they made u wait for 75 % of our party to show up before they would seat u . mind you , there wa no one else waiting , and the table wa ready , and we were ready to order . but they did not tell u this ; i did not even know why we were being forced to wait until i heard a supervisor whispering to the waitress about making u wait . i still have no idea why we were forced to wait . when my full party wa finally seated , we were helped by two waiter who were perfectly polite and nice . but , our service wa rather haphazard . people would order drink and food , and get thing at wildly different time . one person wa done eating appetizer and drink when another wa just getting their first drink . i know there wa chaos to a big party , but it got a little out of hand.the food is pretty standard american chain food , comparable to appleby is and chili is - not offensive , but nothing to knock your sock off . it ha a decent selection , and a few good dessert and appetizer , and everything wa competently prepared . overall , it is a fine enough meal for a large group before going to enjoy the arcade at fairly reasonable price , but some of the service standard are poor . in the future we will probably eat at one of the other restaurant in the area and then move over to d & b is for games.bar : 1 stardrinks are predictably expensive , but there is a wide variety . the problem is that about half of them do not even kind of resemble what is on the menu , and most do not have enough alcohol to even taste . worse yet , while you can get a drink at the bar in the arcade , the staff is either completely non-interactive or just rude . you have to track them down , and then have a minimum of interaction before they stomp off like you ruined their life.arcade : 4 starsthere are a lot of great game here to play , and many that are fun with group or pair . it is a great place for a large party , because you can mingle with all your friend playing many different very fun game . if you are a couple , there are also many great selection that everyone enjoys . the staff on the floor is helpful and fast to fix game that have problem , and are typically polite . the ticket prize are cheap a expected , but kind of fun , and the people in the ticket shop were always nice and quick to help.overall : 3 starsif you want to hang out here , i would suggest eating somewhere else , and then playing game and having fun here , but only order beer at the bar and do not expect a smile .
chuckie cheese for grown ups ... yeah , that could sum up my review for sure ( but i will try to make it a bit more interesting than that ) .first let me say that this is not my first trip to a dave & buster is . second , i actually experience all of it while here . we will start with the food/service . staff , you were wonderful . you were polite , you greeted u a soon a we walked in the door , gave u no qualm while ordering and were swift with your delivery . food , you were not wonderful . i ordered the bbq chicken breast . this came with a side of broccoli and their type of mashed potato . the chicken wa a bit dry and in some place you can tell it wa left on the grill a little too long . there were actually some bite that all i could taste wa charred meat . there wa not enough bbq sauce on the the chicken either . the broccoli appeared to have been cooked prior and then thrown back into a pan to be seared . some of my broccoli actually had some burnt crisp area on it . also i noticed that there were still some leaf left on the broccoli . the mashed potato i wanted to like ( which i hoped would be the best part of the dish , i am a bit of a potato freak ) , but ala , i wa let down . *sad face* they were cold and such a tiny portion . with a tiny amount of shredded cheese and bacon but into that divot they made with the scoop to get it out of it is container . oh food , how if i did not need you to survive , i would not complain about you.the building right now is in disarray . they are in the midst of a remodel with lovely plastic curtain covering up certain section of their dining area . no bar out in the dining area right now and the pool table were absent a well . if you wanted a drink you had to go back into the game room.speaking of the game room , by far the best part . with the meal i ordered i got the $ 20 play card ( the best part of the meal , super charge it for $ 3 more and it is even better ) . the game room you can tell is in need of an update . the carpet is worn and other sign of wear are noticeable a well . one good thing is the game . they change them up so often that there is always something new once you return . who knew that playing connect 4 could be so fun , or for that matter skee ball rise to the top of my list to play.i will return again , but only after i eat elsewhere first .
not really sure what to add . so i will bullet point my experience.- expensive poorly made drinks- friendly but slow service- ok food considering ( had the philly steak and cheese ) - over run with kid before 10 that seem to have zero adult supervision- 15 % of the game were out of order ( air hockey , big bball game , 1/2 of the skee ball , random other arcade machine ) - expensive games- fun time overall with the wife .
mediocre service . cold food ! our food waited so long the lettuce & pickle wilted . bland food . crazy overpriced . long wait in the arcade . 1 beer per hour maximum . avoid at all cost . fair manager .
not being from the area , i traveled an hour to come here from uniontown , pa . i wa excited ! i have not been to this dave and buster is since i wa younger and wa ready to go back and play me some game ! i went with my cousin , mind you , we had not ate all day and were very hungry . so , we decided to do the eat & play combo , naturally . here is where it get bad . first of all , we get a very snobby hostess that show u to our table . then , we wait ... and wait ... and finally after about 25 min we get a waitress . her name wa ashley . we had plenty of time to decide what we wanted , so we quickly put our order in . next , we were sitting and talking , waiting , we had empty glass and our waitress had never even come around to see if we needed refill except for one time . she said she will come back right away with our refill ... yea , right . 20 min later we get our refill . mind you , our food still ha not came yet . i see other people getting their food that had come in after u . i wa frustrated . after waiting 45 min for our food , i asked to speak with a manager . one of the server who i asked replied rudely with `` well , he is really busy right now . i doubt he will be able to come out and talk to you '' . finally , 15 min later ... that is one hour , folk . we get our food . what do you think the next problem wa ? yep , the food wa cold . i wa completely fed up at this point , and told my waitress how disappointed i wa , especially after driving one hour just to have this terrible service . the manager never came to speak with me , and we did not even receive our meal for free . the only compensation we got were $ 10 game card . woopty-doo . the only thing good about this place is the game , but the prize you get for your ticket are all junk and worthless . so , in conclusion ... i do not recommend the waterfront dave and buster of homestead , pa . it wa horrible , and i will not be returning for a very long time !
this place just plain sucksbad management lost them bizdumb arcade drama** they have recently changed their under 21 policy so no one underage can even be in the arcade or restaurant after 10pm despite having a guardian over 30 year old
first time at dave & buster is and although i did not go for the game , i wa slightly disappointed . i went with a group of girl for dinner and drink . the service wa slow but the food wa decent . the portion were huge but they are priced slightly higher than the average chain . we went before 9 pm and there were a ton of kid there on a friday night . i do suggest if you want to avoid the child to go after 9 .
dave & buster ! it is a nice place to eat , have fun and drink ! ! all age can enjoy this place . i wa so excited to hear them announce that after 10p , all child whether accompanied by a guardian or not had to go ! it made for a nice evening for adult only . everytime we go whether we play or not we enjoy ourselves . i did not give it four star because every time i have went i have not been able to eat in the restaurant area of there . i know i still get the same food that everyone else doe wherever you sit . sometimes , i like the nice relaxing atmosphere of the restaurant . i have not a of yet , been seated there . not to mention that the server around the bar , are a little slow at responding to customer a well . so all in all , d & b is is a good spot to stop at for food and entertainment . just do not expect to be seated in the restaurant portion , and expect to wait awhile for food service in the bar area .
wa impressed by the new menu and new decor . our waitress wa nice , knowledgeable and attentive . however , the rest of the staff wa le than stellar . there wa a power outage ( le than one minute ) while we were paying game ( sunny and calm outside so not sure what happened ) . my family and i were playing a trivia game -- -we lost about ten dollar of credit and all our bonus ticket when the power resumed . the game were down for about 20 min after the outage and staff wa not friendly when we inquired about what happened or when the game would be working again . after the outage , two people in our group could not get their power card to work . when we asked staff for assistance they just brushed u off and said we must have been out of credit . kinda a bummer we lost so much money on ( malfunction ) game play tonight .
visiting from toronto , i wa really impressed ! the amount of ticket to be won wa incredible . we usually got 200 ticket per play on average . compared to playdium here , that is awesome considering i will win at most 10 ticket with the smallest prize costing 100 ticket . the food is great , the place is clean and the game do not feel greasy or nasty from all the food .
a fun place and lot to do but a bit pricy . $ 20.00 will buy you a hundred point which will last you a little over an hour.i recommend the bowling game , ball racing car game and connect 4 also there are several game that can be played in group of 4
visited the dave and buster in homestead , pa last night . waitress mixed up our credit card and gave my brother credit card to someone else and he theirs . charged them already too - both incorrectly my brother had to walk around and find out who it wa . waitress never apologized . gm wa extremely rude and refused to give my brother his original receipt back saying they had thrown it out . did nothing to remedy the situation and ignored u the rest of our visit - not even a refill . after spending over $ 300 plus game , we will never go back . whatever happened to the customer is always right ? horrible service
my boyfriend and i are in our 20 , and have visited this d & b multiple time . after our visit yesterday , however , i do not think we will be back . when we arrived we were greeted by a long line of people waiting to buy game card . at first there were 2 extremely slow worker trying to do this , then one left while the line wa still out the door ! the girl that wa left wa more than incompetent , and wa taking extremely long to fill these game card . we stood in line for over 20 minute before being told that there wa another attendant in the actual game room . needle to say , the line in the game room wa just a long , and they still only had one girl in the booth . it wa a saturday ! after we finally got our card we had to wait yet again to get a beer . 2 bartender on staff while the bar wa completely full . it took u almost an hour before we actually could start gaming . the floor were filthy with trash , and the bathroom : repulsive ! i had to use the restroom twice during our visit , and not only did both bathroom i used have no toilet paper in them , but there wa tp all over the floor , and the sink were le than cleanly . my boyfriend mentioned that the guy restroom wa no better , a it smelled like pee and the paper towel dispenser did not work . all i have to say is get your crap together . we could see a difference in the type of crowed that wa there on saturday compared to what it used to be , and i am i have no doubt it is due to the poor service and attention to cleanliness . for how expensive they are they need to staff better on weekend . it is a shame how quickly this place ha gone down hill and we will not be returning anytime soon !
most of the game were out of order and i had to find one of those referee looking people to fix 2 of them that took some of our credit . apathetic service staff all around , the peanut and i were really disappointed . will not be back .
ehh , 3.5 -- i can not rate it super low because i do smile a lot during my visit . speaking of that , i have been here a few time , but never wrote a review for d & b . i am a kid at heart and honestly do enjoy the game . however , there have been multiple instance where i swiped my game card & it took my credit , but no game began . there have also been time that i won and no ticket were released . i guess nothing is perfect but it doe happen atleast once a visit ( each scenerio ) it is hard to find a worker walking around and for half-price game , you kind of just take your loss with the 1.3 credit for skee ball ( hmph ! ) the food- it really isnt anything too fancy . i have had okay food , but super long wait time for a simple chicken finger & fry for example . it is your basic sandwich , salad , appetizer & a few pasta . i believe all sandwich & burger are around $ 10 & served with fry . you can get the eat & play deal which includes food from a specific menu + a game card . besides the game card deal , if you wanted to make d & b a date night you might be better off heading to another place to eat in waterfront for amazing food.. but to each their own . try it once i suppose . the brownie sundae that i devoured last night wa satisfying ( 2 brownie , 2 scoop of ice cream.. one with chocolate syrup ; the other with raspberry sauce & fresh strawberry . oh & whip cream ) drinks- pretty weak . we ordered 2 liquid maryjanes ( 2 each that is ) which are filled with multiple shot of alchy & did not really catch a buzz . oh welllll . they do have a happy hour from 5-7pm . i will go during that time for the best deal . i believe cocktail are half off & $ 3 off bottle of wine . i have never seen anyone walking around with a wine glass though lol . the prizes- a others have noted , the prize are a little cheap for the amount of ticket they `` cost '' however , it is cool to leave with a d & b coffee mug , cup or shot glass . last night for 2500 ticket we decided on magnetic-style dart board ( 1,300 ? ) a coffee mug , a d & b glass ( our plastic one bit the dust ) & a d & b coffee travel mug.. i might be missing a few odds & ends.overall it is a fun time but can be pricey . it is best to head here wednesday for half price game or get the eat & play deal while dining . i can not lie though , i find myself smiling ear to ear a few time within those 3 hour ( woah , seemed longer than amount of time : d ) speaking of which , in that time-frame we played 250 credit ( cost= $ 40 ) but it wa half-price game .
dave & buster is a great experience if you set your expectation realistically and carefully choose when you attend.the main squeeze and i always 1 ) use a survey receipt for buy $ 10 get $ 10 in free gameplay or 2 ) attend on a wednesday during the day ( flexible work schedule ) . we will never dream of eating there because we like healthy yuppie food . and we only drink cheap draft or drink cocktail during happy hour.your visit is largely determined by time of day , expectation and whether or not you eat their food . if you come on a friday night , the line will be long . you will pay $ 150 for the two of you to eat , drink and play for 3 hour and you will be left with a very sour taste in your mouth.the staff is really excellent ; any issue with a game not paying out ticket result in immediate help and extra ticket or a swipe for a different game from an employee . note the `` drink are weak '' review . also notice it wa people buying shot and ordering multiple drink per person . that is typical white trash behavior . bartender here are savvy ; they mirror the behavior of the guest . all of our drink have been consistently strong and well put together because we are courteous and tip well . i have witnessed bartender bypass tattooed , loud guest and address me and take my order first . this is rational , logical behavior . also note the `` prize center game suck '' comment . you are supposed to stack ticket over multiple visit and use them on a big prize . like life , delaying gratification net you bigger return . every other visit i have seen someone walk out with a video game system ( wii , xbox360 and even a few xbox one is ) . the thing about dave & buster is the crowd change depending on day of week and time of day . sunday afternoon it is all family and friday and saturday night it is all drunk 20 somethings . the atmosphere change and that is why the review are all over the place.this review is based on 8ish month of 1-3/monthly visit . most visit are 5 star , some are 4 stars.using survey receipt for buy ten get ten , avoiding wednesday , friday or saturday evening ( and sunday afternoon , family ) and avoiding the food entirely and drinking cheaply , you will have a great experience for $ 25-40/person.i really enjoy the staff too , they split the difference between fun and professional . special shout out to riley , gave u info on possibly hosting a party there .
i still love this place ! i spent my 36th birthday at d & b is and it wa a wise decision ! i had so much fun , and so did my guest ! i got a very attentive serving staff , and met up with many helpful server ! i believe that service ha improved , so i bumped this restuarant up to 4 star ! no five star yet , because i have still a of yet to eat in the restuarant portion of it ! it is still worth the visit , and is a lot of fun for a reasonable price !
there is good food , but a great spot to enjoy a few drink & watch sport on the big screen . it is great for adult fun after 10pm . great for a first date if you like to have a good fun & feel relaxed
my wife and i went here around 10pm on a saturday night . the food wa not spectacular , about the same quality that you will get at an applebee is or some place similar -- good but not great . my steak wa tough , but my wife enjoyed hers . staff wa relatively unorganized ( we ate at a table next to the bar ) , and had to wait awhile for a server . food wa prompt .
after having a few 'less than memorable ' trip to d & b in year past , my wife and i decided to go back for a pittsburgh happy hour anniversary party this past thursday . pgh happy hour is a facebook group of friend that like to check out new 'watering hole ' every thursday and it is run by a guy that seems to party 24/7 while still holding down a very lucrative full time job . anyway- pgh hh wa celebrating an anniversary and chose d & b for the location . the d & b staff set up the back 'pool room ' with complimentary , enormous spread of appetizer with dip and kept refilling them when they got low . our server , carla , wa very attentive and friendly- making sure we were aware of the special and checking back often when our glass got to the half way point . the other server back there wa working equally a hard but i never got the chance to get her name . i had been here one other time for an organized happy hour for a past employer and remember very similar service but i never got the chance to give them any credit . i think d & b is an awesome place when you need some space for your next event .
ok ! let me tell you about my bad experience first . i went to d & b last night for a post wedding party - which , side note , is a great idea ! it wa around midnight and the bar wa not really populated . there were three bartender and only one wa actually making round to see if anyone needed anything . the two other bartender were chatting on the far side of the bar that no one wa sitting at . kind of counter productive if you ask me . i stood there for about 5 minute , which for a busy bar is fine but when i am the only one with my card out then , it just seems a little ridiculous . i made eye contact with the one girl twice and gave her a smile and she literally turned away . i finally had to walk to them to get their attention . i wa standing right in front of them smiling and they did not ask if i need anything . i finally said , `` are you working ? '' and they gave each other a weird look . i felt like i wa the crazy one . i asked for a beer/got the beer.in between that time , the other bartender brought food over and set it down . she took a fry from the plate ( right in front of me ) and then served it to someone on the other side of the bar . what the hell ! i felt like i wa in some grimy bar in out in the stick - not an established d & b . i wa just really turned off from that experience . the good is that d & b provides a different type of entertainment when you want to mix thing up . i remember going here with my grandparent when i wa a kid and it wa the best treat ever ! we would eat at the restaurant and then spend hour playing game . this place hold some really good memory for me . it is a shame that my experience last night ha spoiled the high standard i held for it .
it fun , but much smaller than some of the others i have visited . it clean , staff is friendly and it a good way to waste time before a movie . they do have good food . get a 3 star because i get bored easily at this location .
i used to love d & b when it first opened in the waterfront , but it ha gone down hill over the year . the game are not a fun and do not give you a many ticket and the prize have gotten cheaper in quality . it take a whole heck of a lot of ticket for you to even get a pencil ! the atmosphere is okay but it used to be so much better with the funnest game and diverse group of people ! now , it is run down and many of the game are app related game ( fruit ninja ) and 3d experience ride . with such `` game '' , you can not even earn ticket and they take a lot of token ! last time i went , back in the winter , many of the game were broken , which made for a negative player experience . i would go to d & b to play some game again in the future , but it is no longer one of my favorite place to go due to the decline of fun game where you can earn ticket .
i wa here on 10/3 and i have to say this wa a horrible experience . me and a friend went here to eat and play a couple game afterwards . it took the waitress at least 10-15 minute to greet u and by that time we knew we should just order then because we might not see her again . we ordered and got our drink and well let is just say we did not see the waitress again until she wa giving u our check ( some manager delivered the food to the table ) . no refill on my beverage , no how is your food , no ketchup for my burger or fry wa offered . lot of people running around like crazy and if your understaffed hire more people ! i will not be back again to eat .
i recently stopped there with my girlfriend and her kid to celebrate her daughter 21 is birthday . i ordered the fish and chip . do not order the fish and chip unless you want to lube your inside for month . i know i probably got the one that got away and they refried it 3 time . the outside breading wa hard a a rock and had no taste . the fish itself wa bland . after a few bite i called over the waiter who wa very nice and funny and complained by showing him how hard the fish wa by tapping the fish against the plate making a loud thud noise . he grabbed my plate and took it to his manager . but before doing so asked if i wanted something else i said no i had lost my appetite . the manager came out looked around and walked right out of the area . i wa thinking he would have stopped but did not oh well . the waiter took my meal it off the bill . i have eaten there before and the food wa good . sometime you just get one that is not .
i will have a biased opinion of any place like this . what could be wrong with playing old and new school game , drinking , and eating all at the same place ? the one thing i can think of is the price . on the surface , this is a pretty expensive place ; however , they give a bunch of good deal depending on the time you go , whether or not you `` donate '' money to the make-a-wish foundation , and if you are lucky when you take a spin on the wheel of prize ! but honestly , know what the deal are before you go to make sure to get the best price available . in regard to the game , there is a plethora for your enjoyment . although it is nice to play game that spit out ticket , the last couple of time i have gone i have gotten 2 hour of arcade game for a very cheap price ( mario kart , anyone ? ! ) . either way , it is a really fun place that you will most certainly have a good time at .
first off , let me say that i find the people who usually work at dave and buster usually do not care or seem to be angry and hate their job . a friend and i went here and found that a couple of the machine ran out ticket and someone wa always there and happy to help . the staff went out of their way to make sure we had a good time . the manager tony wa very sweet and made sure everything wa ok. every staff member we talked to wa extremely nice . this is by far the best dave and buster i have had been to !
my sister and law wanted to go here for lunch so all the kid could play game after we all had some lunch together . this place is huge and wa moderately clean except the bathroom . all of the food looked great on the 16 page menu . when our food came though , everything wa below average . they have a huge selection of game for the kid to play , but you pay dearly to play game here . the food is overpriced and the drink are drastically overpriced .
we checked in at 7:00 pm on a saturday with a group of 19 for a birthday gathering . we were originally told 9:00 pm is when we will be seated , but that is not the problem , because we were able to play before being seated . we actually did not get seated until 10:00 pm , only to be told the kitchen wa taking 3 hour for people is order . did not see a manager until after 10:30 pm . needle to say , we did not stay to eat and went elsewhere .
ok , we went on a sat night with a large party , 2 hour wait for a table . fine that is understand then it turned to a three hour wait . once seated we were told the kitchen wa three hour behind and the wait for food would be three hour . the manger blamed u saying `` you came with a large party on a sat night , if you only order apps and not separate meal , you might get food in 45 min '' really ? it is the customer fault your staff can not handle a sat night rush . the table of 5 next to u waited 3 hour for food , when they got it it wa the wrong food ... i will never spend money here again ! ! ! to top it off the bathroom had no toilet paper and there wa pee everywhere !
this is a really fun way to spend an afternoon . after several visit here , i have found a couple game that are easy to win and score you lot of ticket , and others that are just a blast to play . we did really awesome last time we were here , and their prize room is full of some pretty neat stuff . their food is not too bad . i have only ever eaten here once , and it wa not that memorable , but i did not hate it . i did like that they have a bar , and they had my favorite beer on tap , that wa nice . like pretty much any arcade i have ever been to , there are thing that are a rip off , and occasionally something will not work properly . that really irritates some people but i figure no arcade is perfect . at least none that i have ever been to . the most irritating thing for me is that some of the game have a call button on them that signal an employee to come assist you , and i kept hitting the button with my leg or something , so every once in awhile someone would randomly appear at my side and ask if i needed help , and i would be really confused . haha . we went here with my husband is family on thanksgiving , and we had a total blast . the whole place wa pretty empty , and i felt really bad for the employee that had to work that day , but it wa nice for u !
awful awful . spent 150.00service wa terrible . took 27 minute to even be acknowledged . really . the only saving grace wa the kid had fun and the hostess took amazing care of u ... ...
chilling with kimberly vasil , mikey & big bob for the 96.1 kiss fm listener appreciation party . kiss really know how to throw a bash- $ 10 power card , free t-shirt , megaphone & basketball , appetizer & n/a beverage ... apps are flowing & delicious , everybody is happy ... nice bash kiss fm ... !
4 star for the fun factory , game , and all around experience , but 2 star for the disgusting food and horrible service ! i wa so excited to come here for my boyfriend birthday . it always fun to play game , win ticket , and have fun with friends/family . we decided to eat here before we played . i keep seeing commercial for their new menu , so hey it could not be bad right ? wrong ! only thing that wa really good wa the corona-rita - but that is hard to mess up . first off , service wa horrible . i did not feel like any of the area were that packed to make the service so slow , but apparently i wa wrong . it took about 15 minute , minimum , to get our first drink . at least an hour for our food . i have boneless buffalo wing , which are hard to screw up , so mine were not bad but they were not the best . my boyfriend had their philly cheesesteak and he could not finish it . wa so salty and just not good . for the price of everything , it wa not worth it all . better off going somewhere else in the waterfront for food and then coming here to play . you will save $ $ , time , and frustration ! i guess they are also remodeling their price area so for now there is a make-shift area to cash in your ticket . everything wa pretty picked over , which kinda sucked . overall it wa still fun , and i am sure i will be back to play some more game !
the service at the pittsburgh location wa so incredible awful that i actually took the time out of my day to write online how disappointed i wa , which i have never done before . it wa a saturday night and a someone who work in a restaurant im very sympathetic when it come to service . we sat at the high table in the bar area and we did not get greeted or even acknowledged for 30 minute . i personally had to get a manager and explain to him the situation and he treated me like i wa stupid ( maybe because im 17 ? ) also not to mention the little girl next to me is balling her eye out because she told her server of an egg allergy she ha and they still managed to mess it up and give her food marinated in egg . last i overhead they are heading to the hospital . i am not writing this message to be spiteful , i am writing it in hope that the future of your restaurant will improve . there is a big difference between service and hospitality and right now this place is lacking both . my best wishing for improvement
can we get a maintenance man ? and a janitor ? and a manager ? no ? ok ... i had a good time at dave and buster is , but that wa based mainly on the company i kept and not the venue . we went right when they opened for the day , with the intention of playing some pool . we located the pool table in an area that looked closed off , so we went to the hostess stand to ask . she radioed for help , got none , and finally went in search of an answer our question . when she came back , she said she could not find anyone , but a manager would be out to talk to u . we wait ... and wait ... and finally just give up and go off to play in the arcade area . all but one of the card purchase machine were rebooting , and the one we could use did not work . it take forever and finally give up and directs u to a non-existent ticketing attendant . so we again go off in search of someone to help . we flagged down a server , who issued u a card ( $ 56 for 375 token ) and served u a few cocktail ( average price , though my rum and coke wa teeny ) . and we are off to play some game . about every third game we tried wa broken in some way . either the token swipe did not work or the game itself wa messed up . it also wa not the cleanest place i have ever seen . they have table around the place to set your drink on , but most of them did not look a though they will been wiped from the day before ( which of course make we wonder when they last cleaned all the game that germy little kid touch all day ) .overall , they appeared completely unprepared for opening ( computer booting , employee not ready to work , soda gun at the bar not assembled , etc . ) and not well maintained or managed at all . the broken game were sort of comical after a while , but definitely not in a good way . if you are really looking to do this type of activity , i will try a different location for sure .
over priced , over hyped but a hell of a time regardless . i think if you have a big screen tv at home and a wii you could order pizza get beer and have friend over and have the same experience without the price and glitz . i have yet to eat something here that impressed me . the arcade is a bit dated but i like playing the big trivia game more than anything ( again , you could just invite people over to play trivial pursuit ) . the new tv set up is pretty cool , but dave and buster is just what it is , an adult chuckie cheese not worth more than a visit a year , if that .
i have probably only been to 3 dave & buster is in my life , but this is probably my favorite one . it is a lot bigger and ha more variety of game than the other 2 i have been to , though they pretty much have the same game . the prize are also better here , and the ticket exchange rate for the prize seemed a lot more fair too . definitely take advantage of the half priced game on wednesday ! ! ! i do not come for the food , since it is very average . with all these good restaurant close by , why do not just eat somewhere else and come for the game ?
fell asleep last night before i got a chance to do my review this place is pretty cool it is just an arcade with a bunch of game they have a bar & u can order food a well the prize have gotten better however there a few game that were not working
i always go there to either eat dinner or have drink .never had a problem with the food or drink.sometimes i will play game there sometimes.the girl behind the counter are very nice even the one guy brett is also nice.he work very hard from what i can see a well a the girl that work there . even the one girl behind the counter wa dressed very nice.when i do go there they do know what i like to eat or drink . although the restroom should be cleaned a little more .
wednesday is are half off game night . menu includes some meal that also provide ten dollar game card . it is loud and crazy but that is what is to be expected . the kid love this place . it is ok. not my thing but i understand the fascination .
im a fani went to this one october 2014 . i wa in town for my favorite nfl team the colt steelers game . i went to the game and had fun in the city.i went on half off wednesday . i really had fun with the game . im a young man and i like old nintendo game . i like all kind of game . the skee ball game acted up.i had funi will go back . not to this one because of the mile to far i will go to the ohio one.im a fan
great game and prize . amazing food.great way to enjoy your day with your family ! ! ! super busy place .
i ate here for lunch today with my wife and 2 kid . server wa prompt getting to the table , took our order and then disappeared . our food took 25 minute yet there wa only 4 table with people who were dining . grilled cheese , salad and a quesadilla should not take that long . game were fine . men room did not have any paper towel to dry hand with . huge fail for this type of venue .
i have been to dave and buster multiple time and i feel it a 2 star place.i can say the food quality is sub par . in my opinion the food price are expensive for what it is and quality . they do offer a nice bar , but then again the price in my opinion are a little higher . service is not too bad , but could be better.d & b is a great place for adult for sure , but the price for toke or `` game play '' is a little ridiculous . some game charge 6.9 credit to place . thats almost saying $ 1.50 a game and some of those game are addicting where i know most of u keep playing . i also thing d & b is not the cleanest place either . the bathroom near the arcade are always nasty in my opinion . doe not seem like they keep up with it . to me , thats a big factor in rating restaurant . all in all , d & b is an ok place to visit , but not a place i would frequently waste my money .
we had our reunion banquet last weekend at this d & b . it wa the highlight of our gathering . the room wa spacious , well-appointed with table covered with black tablecloth and set up according to our specification . the buffet wa delicious . the manager , server and bartender were enthusiastic and attentive . what a wonderful facility.kids and adult loved the arcade game . the pool table were a hit too . we appreciated the roomy dance floor for those who wanted to groove.in the month leading up to our event , special event representative laura checked in regularly . she , sean and the manager made sure that our experience wa memorable and even added extra touch that made u feel special . thank you , d & b , for a great experience .
this wa not the cleanest place . dirty paper towel all over the woman is bathroom . no changing cover on the changing table to change your baby . very disappointed when i came here compared to the other two i have been too . also they are not following corporate policy . which ok , but when i asked about it to one of the manager on the way out , he said he did not honor the first responder discount like the other store do . which ok is fine , but he had a very sore attitude towards them . very disappointed in his attitude more then anything .
i gave d & b 4 star because our waiter wa very geniune and nice ! the place ha definitely changed over the year , becoming a very pricey venue . the food wa mediocre . the fry were cold and the slider were subpar , almost like white castle from the freezer section in most grocery store . my buffalo wing were rather tough . a for the game , they were mostly the same , but included a lot of the newer 'app ' style game like flappy bird . skeeball and free throw were still fun , along with the coin drop machine . but , wow , we went through $ 50 of game really fast . the gift section is full of fun tchotchke and prize if you pay enough to rack up the point ! nevertheless , it is still a great destination to celebrate any special occasion with family , friend or coworkers .
had an awesome time here with my hubby the food wa amazing but the game cost so much an the prize where ok but all in all a good time i will be bring the kid with next time
the food here is awful . i came with a small group of people for dinner one night before heading out bar hopping at a few place at the waterfront . we gave the server the benefit of the doubt because there were about 8 of u , which can be challenging . i think the long wait time to get the drink and then the food wa due to the bartender and kitchen , but the waitress really tried her best.i only gave it 2 star because i liked my mac and cheese . everyone else at the table hated their food . they all had sandwich or other dish . the one girl resorted to eating only the topping off her sandwich because the bread wa too hard to bite through . the kitchen probably made her sandwich right away and left it under the heating lamp for 40 minute while preparing the rest of our table is food.i wa tempted to stop and play game for a couple minute , but after my husband came out of the restroom he told me how about 5 other guy walked out of the restroom a well that had not washed their hand and immediately went over to start playing game . all i have to say is no thanks .
the food wa good but we waited an hour for our drink then 1.5 hour food then an hour for our bill . will not be back ! not busy at all so not sure what the problem wa . i will hate to be there when they are `` busy '' .
worst service i have ever had ! we waited for over an hour for our food . after the waitress walked by 6 time without saying a word or refilling our drink we got a manager who had her come by and apologize and give u a round but never said a word about our food . and told u her help never showed up . we waited another 30 min for our food before we asked for the check for the 2 drink we got . we left and nothing wa even said about why we never got our food . no apology nothing . while sitting there we noticed 2 other party walked out a well . they did not even get their drinks.i would recommend that if you go there never sit and eat . drink play game fine . i will never order food there again .
went to dave and buster to eat ... . no food . went to dave and buster to play.. no game . then i thought i will wet my whistle with a cool glass of h2o..they even ran out of water ... some lady even yelled at me in line to purchase game ticket accusing me of cutting line . such hostility . dave and buster ? more like beavis & butthead . smh
this is a place i will go to just for the game . the food wa bad . i had the chicken slider and there wa two piece of wood in the sandwich which i found in my mouth . granted the manager did take off the price of the slider but everyone is fry were lukewarm . my sister got the chicken finger and wow , there wa zero flavor or seasoning on it . the bathroom smelled like stale urine and the floor were very sticky . the waitress wa nice but overall i would not dine here again .
i wa sad to see of the bad review below because i love d & b . however , i wa just there this weekend and ha dinner then went to the midway . the food wa not bad but our service wa overwhelmed so we did not really have a server , and there were a couple small error with our order . the bathroom wa a wreck , like always . the trash can is always full , floor filthy , and smell strongly of urine . half of the game i played would not read my card on the first try.bartenders were slow & did not seem to care , except for the manager . i will be back for sure but this place need some serious staff updating .
if you are under 21 you must be accompanied by a 25 year old . not only is this a stupid rule , but the staff rudely expressed this and smirked at u because we were under 21 . awful place with rude people .
i made the mistake of selecting this place to meet up with my family who were visiting from florida . waited at bar for 20 minute before be able to order a drink even though there were only 3 other people at the bar . once the bartender did decide to wait on me , he wa very short `` what will you have ? '' and proceeded to give me a a receipt for the amount due before i could order 6 more drink for the rest of our party ? ? ? we eventually left that bar after no one returned to our group sitting at the bar for the following 25 minute . we then moved onto the restaurant where we waited for 45 minute for our entree to arrive . food wa pretty good.moved onto gaming area where approximately 1 out of 5 game were not operating properly . this place ha really gone down hill in the past 3-4 year . we will not be going back !
if you are here to just play game , then it a great deal of fun , and is also a fantastic place to catch a sporting event . if you are here to eat , maybe try somewhere else . i have tried eating here on several occasion and find that it is for the most part terrible . nothing taste like it is fresh at all . i would guess everything is delivered frozen and then either deep fried or heated in a microwave . i can not think of any meal i have ever finished here either from being bland or just plain lousy . even my 11 year old , who love wing and chicken finger ( 2 staple here ) think the food is terrible and refuse to eat here , even though he love to play the game . my advice , eat somewhere else then head here to play .
4pm on a friday afternoon and i got turned away for being 8 day under 21 i had no intention drinking and there wa all of 4 people in the place even if i wa 21 i would go to river downtown it is not like they can put a wristband saying i am 20 or anything .
worst service wver i asked for someone to come over 3 time and we sat at a table for 20 minute while a whole swarm of server were just walking around passing u . not to mention alllll the table in the whole game room were dirty . even manager saw u sitting there and didnt bother to greet u . drink took forever too and it wasnt busy at all the bartender did not care much they stood there for awhile . we will still go here just not try to eat . they need some structure in the work atmosphere .
my sister and i have always gone here together by ourselves . i am 18 and my sister are younger than i am . a we walked in , they would not let u go in unless we were all 21 , if we were not 21 we had to be with someone 25 . i called the manager & he told me that it ha always been a rule , even though the website say 18 . which i wa , and i wa not allowed in . the manager ended up hanging up on me . they have turned something for teenager into a place for adult . i am extremely disappointed in how the staff and manager delt with this and will not return to this specific dave n buster .
had fun playing game and drinking here ! lot of game and prize . great atmosphere including a dj ! on a side note , some creepy middle aged man came up to me and my wife asking if he get u a certain amount of ticket on a game ( which we had to pay for ) then we buy him an alcoholic beverage . what in the world is wrong with this man ? ! ? ! could not find any management worker to advise so we just walked away and avoided him for the rest of the night .
game are okay . however , this place is highly unhygienic . they do not clean any silverware , plate etc . avoid eating or drinking anything here .
the service wa terrible . game are game at any dave & buster but service make or break this place . i understand it wa busy tonight because of the fight , but that is no excuse for rude employee ... especially multiple employee , hostess , waitress , and bus boy . the manager on the other hand wa great and gave u a very reasonable explanation for a server being very rude . either way , on a saturday night , i would not recommend going here .
we do not generally come here , a it is somewhat of a hike from our home , but we decided to wander out this way today . last time we were here , we were not pleased , but today , we had a much better experience . they had a ton of new game , which is a bonus ! all of them were working too ... ..double bonus ! i think they are a bit expensive , but it wa a treat to go , so we did not mind spending a couple of extra bucks.after playing out the credit on our card , we decided to have a late lunch . the menu is quite large , but ha a great selection . our server , kiara , wa wonderful ! you could tell she wa stressed out from her day , but she wa very pleasant . we are pretty easy to take care of and you could almost hear the sigh of relief she gave when we told her to take her time and were ready to order when she wa able to make it back from another table.the restroom were gross and the hostess stand wa filled with confused girl who could not have cared le . the prize room wa so empty of prize , we decided to keep our point for our next visit.we will be back , we will ask for kiara to be our server , and hopefully we will be able to find prize worth taking home !
nina the manager and ashley the cashier extremely rude . refused to give me back change from kiosk malfunction . made me leave because i wa with my girlfriend who wa 20 and i wa 23. supposed rule about someone under 21 need to be with someone 25. rule is in about 3 size font . highly recommend that no one ever go here .
worst service ever and all of our food wa either cold or not what we ordered . waited over a hour for our food a well . our service wa awful a well . bathroom were so disgusting and un-kept . i do not think i have one good thing to say about this place .
dave and buster is a nice franchise to be able to enjoy arcade game for a more mature crowd . defiantly enjoy coming here every time my friend and i do . con : food - food is not very tasty , feel `` generic '' and not worth the $ listed for it . bathroom - no , i do not go out of my way to down star a place for their bathroom but this is ridiculous . toilet paper everywhere , sinks/floor covered in water , and no paper towel ? pro : atmosphere - nice place to come grab a drink , watch a sporting event , or meet new people . game - who doe not like game ? they have a ton of variety from hoop to racing . afterwards ( if you are lucky ) you can redeem token at their reward store .
i have loved coming here since it first opened a part of the waterfront shopping development , and i am always up for a game of skee-ball ! the pittsburgh d & b location is recently remodeled , so if you have not been there in a while , do yourself a favor and check it out . they have expanded the dining area and added new , modern furniture , there are more tv than you can shake a stick at , a menu with something for everyone , and of course ... game ! they also recently opened a new show in their theater room -- pittsburgh magician lee terbosic will be performing 2 show every friday and saturday night . you can even order drink and food off the menu while you take in the show ! i went to the opening show this past friday night , and ordered a chicken quesadilla and a `` sno-cone '' ( hint : this drink is not one for the kiddos ! ) to wash it down with . both were great -- the sno-cone flavor were just like an icee i would get on a childhood shopping trip with mom and dad , but with that added kick of booze . hey , i am not one to complain . speaking of added kick , the quesadilla ha jalapeno in it , which i loved ! ! i love spicy food and most place just serve a little cup of jalapeno on the side . these were actually cooked into the filling and i loved every bite.the show itself wa highly entertaining and the crowd seemed to agree -- lee kept everyone on their toe for the entire 60 minute . i can not wait to check out more show here and flex my skee-ball arm !
i know the reason for coming here is not the food , but this wa ridiculous . the five of u sat at one of the table around the bar in the game room.we still did not have napkin or cutlery when our appetizer ( nacho ) came , and asked for some , please . she brought a pile of beverage napkin . when we pointed out the problem she went away and eventually came back with ... .more beverage napkin . it wa a little messy , but we managed with our fingers.still did not have any cutlery or proper napkin when the food came . the woman that brought the food did not think it wa her job to get them for u , and we were not going to eat salad and pasta with our finger , so eventually we walked around to hunt up our waitress , who , fifteen minute after the food , finally delivered the tool with which to eat it.that wa also our first opportunity to point out to her that one of u had ordered a salad , and had been delivered a pasta dish , completely unrelated , instead . fifteen more minute and she finally delivered the salad that had actually been ordered . but that is not the worst . one of the pasta dish that *had* been ordered arrived without any sauce , just the naked pasta . we do not know why . despite pointing out the problem , she never did do anything about that . maybe she thought it wa easier to eat with your finger that way.anyway , do not try to eat here . just come and play the game , but skip the food .
i went to this establishment hoping for a fun time where i can leave my two child in the car and forget about my responsibility for a few hour . at first i enjoyed the freindly environment and enjoyed the attractive waitress , however thing went south fast there were child everywhere and i am not a nice person aroud child when i drink ... lol . these kid hogged up everygame the entire night leaving me creating my own entertainment which involved staring at there young mom and older sister . i wish there were no kid . after a few hour and a 3 course meal i decided to make my own fun . i kicked a child off a racing game chair and they precided to cry like a little girl . she wa definitely old enough to understand why she wa wrong . after a few choice word with management i will never go back there again and will only lock my kid inside of my car somewhere more adult like seabase .
how ridiculous for an arcade game company to turn away kid . i drove 40 minute to take my younger brother to dave and buster for a fun afternoon but we were denied . their policy state anybody under the age of 21 must be accompanied by an adult over the age of 25 . i am 22 year old and i do not understand why i can not bring my 12 year old brother to play game . we have gone many time a year for the past 15 year . after today experience , i will not be going back , whether i am with kid or not .
if they had a negative star would have selected the worst rating . 2.5 hour wait and then cold food served . did not have enough staff in kitchen and never bothered to provide update . bathroom atrocious . nothing positive to say other than do not go there .
ghetto , the server kept calling me baby all night . staff is rude . half the game do not work . the food is the only good thing this place ha because it is somewhat unique . i did a survey that wa on my receipt and gave my negative experience and it said a a manger would be in touch based on my answer and it is been a week and no call . what a joke .
so i have been coming here for quite a well , and i have always been a fan . upon entering the restaurant at 6pm on a friday , our id were checked . you have to have at least one person who is 21+ to be seated -- -this is odd but okay . while we are looking at the menu , a man show up out of nowhere with a camera asking to take our picture for a keychain -- it is free but he is `` working for tip '' . other than these two odd happening , the meal wa great . i ordered the fire-grilled salmon and it is one of the best salmon dinner i have ever had . i will definitely return again for game and drink .
apparently it is socially unacceptable to continue going to chuck e. cheese after you have reached puberty . this i learned the hard way . fortunately , the genius behind dave & buster got my back . sometimes i just need to escape the stress of adulthood with a few round of skee-ball ( do not judge me ) . i can work with the amount and variety of game , but it could definitely be better . i would suggest coming in on wednesday for half-price game to get more bang for your buck ! be aware of the obnoxious guest . i expect child to be a bit rowdy , but even some adult suddenly forget all socially acceptable behavior once you throw them in the arcade . i come to d & b for the game and not the food . aside from the horrible customer service i have experienced , their food also taste generic and mediocre . for the price they are charging , it is not worth it . save a few buck and find a better meal elsewhere .
came here for my son is birthday . waited 20 minute for our drink and an additional 49 minute for our food . the waitstaff really did not appreciate having to take break from their cellphone to seat/serve u . had to ask over and over for drink , water , silverware ... .etc . i could understand if they were busy , but it wa not at all . i ordered the sirloin , which wa poorly kept/cooked . the food wa not very good at all . game were fun ... a always . eat before you come to play !
you are either going to have the best service of your life or you are going to sit at the bar for an hour waiting for your quesadilla to come out . there is no in between yet 4,000 ticket later i still come back . i see no fun in the casino so dave and buster is my adult casino that still make me nostalgic about my childhood . i enjoy the hoop game , the top 40 music , the yummy eats and most of their cocktail menu is pretty darn impressive . i always go for the passion fruit sangria or the backwoods lemonade that come with a shot in a mini solo cup . they can be pricey after a while that is why i show up for happy hour . if you are into gaming do show up on a wednesday where all game are half off .
went here with friend on a saturday afternoon ... the dining area wa not busy at all ... though you will have thought by the service it wa packed full ... .it took forever for our drink to come out ( which are way overpriced ) ... the food is very sub par for the price , would have been better off eating before we went to play..my entree came out , plate hot , food completely cold . i have never sent back food , ever , but this wa ridiculous . the server take my plate , and say they would make it right . i did not receive a fresh entree , it wa put in the microwave and sent back to me . how do i know ? the bread and meat in the sandwich wa still torn apart , which i did while checking my food the first time to see if it wa warm inside . they did however take it off my check , but never giving me a menu or asking me if i will like to order something else , so my friend at the table gave me leftover rib and fry off their plate . by the time the server came back so i could ask for something else , the table wa already done eating , so i just sucked it up and when went on our way to play the arcade . i highly recommend eating somewhere good , and then just go to d & b to play . *waitress sucked *overpriced food and drinks*very average food quality , though lot of menu choices*arcade wa fun ! *nice location , easy to get to
despite asking specifically for an appointment at the peter is township office , they scheduled the visit for bethel park which only ha physician is assistant , not doctor . wa then told that they do not have any opening so it wa bethel park or nothing . can not say much for an office that is managed this way . the lack of empathy wa even more disturbing .
the doctor were knowledgeable but the staff at the call center wa rude and not accommodating . it wa also not convenient to get an appointment . i waited an hour and a half to be seen when i wa the only patient in the office . the drug rep came with food so i guess patient do not matter .
someone named teresa erroneously gave this practice my cell phone number . the staff from this practice repeatedly called my cell phone over the course is a week to ask for this person , even after i told them each time that they had the wrong number and tried to clear it up . worse yet , when i politely told the staff member each time about the problem , they rudely slammed the phone down and hung up . the staff at this practice need a lesson in professionalism and courtesy , and need to mark their file to indicate that they have a wrong number listed . do not take it out on the person they are incorrectly calling .
fresh and good ... but i wa starving . i will obviously be returning since i have such a favorable memory . i must say , though , my spicy chicken sandwich wa fresh-out-of-the-fryer hot and very crispy while my bun wa toasted . the french fry were also fried to an artery clogging perfection .
this is the wendys that made me never want to eat at wendy is ever again . to think i gave it a second a third and even a fourth try ! i guess convenience get dollar but after so long , you will stop getting mine.the employee here are always fighting when you go in about shift changed and duty and the attitude carry itself right over to the register . the management is not any better telling me to go somewhere else if i do not like it then . this place is the reason people scoff at giving $ 15 a hr to fast food employee . the frosty is never frosty always runny . the burger are slapped together and the dining room look more like a daycare after a long day than a place you would want to sit down and eat.the only good thing about this place is the exit so you can swiftly leave and never come back .
tried going twice . twice i got a `` were closed '' i said i thought you were open till 1 ? `` nah '' it wa 12 . i thought wendy is advertises that they are open until 1 ? like thats their commercial campaign . guess not . cant rate the food cause i have not received any . i would have loved to try . but since it 1210 guess they are closed . do not worry wendy is . maybe you should add 100+ soda to this location but do not worry i wont have any from this one or any . i am done w this franchise .
it took an hour to get our food when everyone else got their food in five minute . they forgot two of our drink and one of the employee said a cuss word infront of a child .
best wendy is in pittsburgh ! it doe have competition with white oak but thats besides the point . i went in here earlier today and they are fast , they are neat and clean and the staff is friendly . the manager even help the elderly and speaks with customer like they are friend . job well done in my book . plus can not beat the fry are always hot . keep the work up guy !
wa in there today again and the service is excellent . is this a chica filum or wendy is i can not tell the difference except for the menu . cashier will bring your food to you . manager actually ha respect for the customer instead of ignoring them . i love it !
this wendy is is awesome ! i got the 4 for 4 . the cashier wa so nice . she let me trade my drink for a frosty , no charge , and she stacked overfull but not messy . my food wa ready when i wa and it wa quality food for great value ! their chicken nugget are the freshest i have found .
so i am doing laundry on a lazy , rainy afternoon and just before i am about to snuggle in for a nap , i go down to the basement to put my laundry into the dryer and found the basement floor covered in raw sewage . so , it friday night , 5pm ... .yeah right ... who is gon na even bother answering ? these guy did . ed wa here in about an hour . he wa very professional ( he even put booty on his foot before coming into the house ) , explained exactly what he wa doing and described what the problem wa and how to prevent it from happening in the future . and guess what ! he clean too ! now , back to my laundry ... .what a way to spend a friday night .
i can not say enough good thing about these guy . i swear , when it rain it pours ... literally . i went down to the basement and discovered water all over the floor and a spray coming out of a water line and shooting to the ceiling . i have had way too many `` oh shit '' moment like these this summer . this time , the saddle valve connection for my ice maker burst . thank you again to rdn plumbing for rescuing me and installing the proper type of valve . a always , you guy were prompt and professional . : )
getting a new refrigerator installed can be daunting . the delivery man could not hook it up unless the water line wa on same floor . rdn wa here while the delivery man wa still here . so far , so good , right ? even though rdn had to go back to the shop to get the correct part he came right back . job well done . the next morning the water dispenser wa only giving u a small trickle so i called for help again . rdn wa here in fifteen minute . the installer had not blown air out of the filter first . rdn did it.kudos for great , caring service .
got a good quote for some kitchen sink drain and laundry plumbing update and had them come back and do the work the next month . fast , reliable , and great work done . very happy with both the quoting process and definitely the work that they have done .
we used rdn plumbing who wa recommended by aha ( american home shield ) to help fix a clogged drain . a guy named justin came and helped u . after he left the drain wa unclogged but the pipe below the sink wa leaking . we left the country for vacation and have been swamped in construction afterwards . we called aha for a recall to have rdn come back and fix the leaking pipe . i woke up at 830 am to justin screaming ( and i mean screaming so loud that i wa alarmed in bed with earplug in ) . he wa questioning my husband about why we waited 3-4 week to call it in . after my husbad explained that we were out of the country he implied thatmy husband messed with the pipe himself . my husband stayed calm and told him that he just need to fix the problem from not putting pipe back together correctly . then my husband askd if he could call aha and see if the leaking faucet would be covered . he went out to his truck and called and then came barging back in with a wrench and started fixing the faucet by literally turning the wrench twice . he told my husband while turning the wrench that it wasnt covered . my husband tried to get im to stop because he only wanted to know if it wa covered . justin freaked out again and wrote up a whole new work order . he gave u the bill and stormed off . the even wrote on the statement `` i am not going to be told how to do my job '' . i have never seen a temper tantrum from a so called professional in my life . i al would like to add that i have never left a 1/5 star for any service professional and we are no stranger to house remodeing .
hot water tank burst in the middle of a shower , had to go to work shortly after . got to work frustrated knowing this is really going to cost me . remembered i had a home warranty and i called them up to see what kind of situation i am really in , they said no issue and contracted rdn to me . nick ? i believe it wa arrived promptly this morning from rdn , wa extremely professional and wa more than generous with information regarding the draining of the tank on a bi-yearly basis ( something of which i did not know to do ) . he wa polite and cleaned up after himself . they alleviated my issue and made me very happy . they are a little out of my range for basic need a i live roughly 40 minute from homestead but i would highly recommend them to anyone . awesome folk .
this morning our water heater broke all over our new carpeting in our basement . i called our home warranty company and they said rnd plumbing would be here between 9-11 . ed from rnd arrived promptly , introduced himself , asked u a few question and got right to work . he had to leave to purchase the new tank and came back in a timely manner . he wa very careful not to dirty our carpeting when taking out the old tank . ed wa very professional , friendly and he helped to put my mind at ease during a stressful morning . he explained how to maintain the new tank to make it last longer . i highly recommend rnd plumbing and their technician ed ! he certainly exceeded our expectation ! !
these guy are on time and professional , and that is what matter most . i have used them twice , and i will never call anybody else for my plumbing need again .
ordered pizza and wing from here with delivery . the pizza wa pretty decent but the wing were just so-so . the price were pretty good and delivery wa quick . i will definitely order pizza from here again .
if there wa a way to give no star i would . horrible service . wa given a time frame or 45-50min for delivery , after waiting an hour we called and wa told food wa on the way they sent the delivery guy out with 6 order . after another 30min we called back and wa told pizza wa still there because they ran out of part of our order . they said they will bring it right away . waited another 20min we live about 1.5 mile away from the place still nothing . so we called back and asked for our money back . they never once apologized and every phone call they were trying to talk to another person about a whole different matter . and oh since we used a card it is going to be 3-4 day to see the refund . at least pay cash so when they do not show you know you will not be ripped off at least .
if you want terrible pizza go here . save money go buy a frozen pizza and it will be better than this place
ordered a hot sausage parmesan hoagie , fried zucchini and a cheese steak hoagie , none of which were edible . i can not believe still how bad they were , this establishment should stick to pizza only ! not worth one star ! ! yuch !
this joint is recently under new management , so we decided to give it another try tonight , and i am pleased that we did . we ordered pickup and the food wa done by the time i arrived at the estimated pickup time - no waiting around ! ! brought home a calzone , pizza , and garlic knot . everything wa super tasty , good quality ingredient , piping hot . great value for what we paid . definitely our new favorite pizza joint in munhall ! !
horrible beer , horrible service , horrible menu
summary : if i wa in the area and no one had a better suggestion for where to go , i might come back for beer and appetizers.good : - decent beer ... - original pretzel appetizer . you take chunk of soft pretzel and dunk it in spinach cheese dip.- huge portion . most of u had leftover . the rb appetizer sampler wa multi-story and way more food that we could handle . the half order of rib looked like a full rack.- attentive service with quick seating and frequent drink/water refills.- amusing name.bad : - lot of food choice ... burger ... steak ... chicken ... salad . lot of drink choice ... beer ... wine ... mixed drink . i guess this could be seen a good , but it take a while for everyone to pick something and since no one is awesome at everything , you could tell right away that nothing distinguishes this place.- none of the food wa super awesome . nothing wa awful , but nothing stood out in any way . i have had better beer , appetizer , and a better main course at plenty of breweries.- kind of dead on a monday night with 3/4 of the place empty.come if you want bar food , but keep your expectation low .
i am a big fan of rock bottom.there are several dish that are money.appetizer : seared ahi , spinach artichoke dipentree : fire steak , pub tip or chicken fried chicken.desert : carrot cake ( to die for ) bar food : pizza or ball park pretzel . both of which are sprayed with brown ale . half the menu is really good , the other half is great . the beer is good . ask for the sampler ! they usually have a velvet and something on cask . ask for one of those if you are looking for something different . they will also have a scotch ale , an ipa , whiskey stout or other specialty depending on the mood of the brewer ( which , if it still matt , the mood is grumpy ) . if andy is still working there , he is sure to please and molly is great in the cocktail area.head over to sing sing after dinner and it a wrap.i used to work there several year ago and i make it a point to hit every rb i possibly can.do not go to the one in charlotte though , it not really a rock bottom .
i thought this place wa pretty decent . my friend and i were both still reeling from thanksgiving dinner so we ordered salad ... and they were huge . and tasty . i liked my salad though it wa slathered in way too much dressing . my friend is wa even more slathered so she did not dig it too much . we will also ordered chip with guacamole , the guac wa pretty good . my friend enjoyed her beer . i enjoyed my coke ( i know , i am lame ) .so yeah ... wa not bad , wasnt the best , but it wa okay .
microbrewed beer are only a plus to me when they are better than the beer i would have drank otherwise . one waitress i had while there tried to split the upright between macrobrew and trendy by describing one of their beer a `` kind of like coors light '' . if i wanted coors , i will pay half a much and have one . the food is actually a saving grace , a it wa pretty good . head next door to sing sing for drink , though .
not the greatest ale house in the city but certainly not the worst.i like the food and i have tried all the beer . they are just `` ok '' a far a beer goes.large portion . friendly staff .
my friend got everyhing from steak ( they did not even get a well done steak right ) to mahi taco and the only great menu item wa the seasoned vegetables- give it a miss . sing sing next door is awesome but get dinner somewere else . after we were done the waiter asked if we were ready for the check and i had ordered meal that came with a desert ! really dissapointing all around .
everytime i come here i stick with the nacho add chicken add side of guac and i have never been dissappointed . i sit in the bar , grab a drink or 2 and eat those nacho . the bar ha a pool table and plenty of flatscreens . rock bottom is a chain but it is one of the better chain in the area . i will pas on chili is or friday is and come to rock bottom instead . oh and typically i walk over to target - work off some of those nacho .
nobody ha reviewed this in a while , but i am surprised at the lack of lovin ' ! my husband and i ate here a few night ago and we liked it a lot.we started with drink -- he got the house-brewed portland wheat and said it wa quite a good beer , and i got a mixed drink ( red rock ) that wa also tasty . he got a burger covered in mozzarella cheese and i got a mahi sandwich . both great -- the fry and side salad are good here too , and there is no skimping on portion of anything . there were ton of thing on the menu that i am looking forward to trying.we are usually not dessert people at all but ended the meal sharing a triple chocolate stout cheesecake -- who can resist a beer cheesecake , come on ! our food and service wa great . they had the penguin game on all the tv in the bar and were setting up live music for after the game . seriously , what is not to like ! ? i am thinking this place ha changed for the better since the last review a year ago ... : )
this is literally the first place i went when i first came to pittsburgh - and i loved it . hearty , full-sized meal , lot to choose from , and not too crowded or noisy . although , for the sake of full disclosure , i did not sit at the bar and i do not drink alcohol so i can not comment on that . i go back to pittsburgh often and rock bottom end up being a good standby for a dinner and a movie kind of night . really , i have no complaint about this place so i am surprised by the few low rating here .
little slow on the service and did not have the beer i wanted on the menu . but you get those thing when they brew their own beer on-site . but the stadium pretzel are good . the cream stout is tasty.the burger are good and big with the little skinny fry . i am not a fan of the skinny fry , but hey the burger would choke a horse - and almost did . : o )
lately , the rock bottom is hit or miss . the beer are always good and the uppity jagoff ipa is one of the best india pale ale i have ever tasted . the low point lately ha been the food . i will never forgive the idiot in management who took the chicken quesadilla off the menu . that said , i ordered the lobster roll and when it arrived , the bread wa a hard a a brick and cold . the filling wa okay , but the lobster flavor wa masked by over spicing . i suggest you eat somewhere else and imbibe at the rock bottom .
pretty good ! excellent beer sampler - bargain ! veggie burger awesome . onion ring awesome . fried mac n cheese wa delicious - crunchy on the outside , creamy on the inside . carrot cake wa monstrously huge and delicious .
first off , i will say that i just moved here from california and wa a big patron at the rockbottom in long beach . i came to the homestead location last night eager to see the beer at this location.now , rockbottom is a chain brewery , so a lot wa the same ... the menu , the food price ( yet beer is cheaper , and i am fine with that ) . i have always found their food to be pricey , but they use excellent ingredient and it ha always been tasty and filling so i am fine with that . the food here wa just a good a the long beach location , so i have no problem with the chef at all.service wa good , our waitress wa very friendly and helpful . i wish that they had asked u if we wanted to sit in the bar since happy hour wa still going , but that is not a big thing . went to the bar to get a drink and had to wait awhile to get the bartender is attention , but he wa very friendly and i got a nice welcome from him and others at the bar when they learned i had just moved here ... i really enjoyed that.beer : we got the beer sampler to try the whole list ... and , well ... i found the dark beer a bit lacking in comparison . the light beer and the wheat were amazing , very impressed . the pale wa ok , a wa the velvet pale that wa one of the special of the night ... but both were way too citrusy . the uppity ipa wa very good ... i do not usually like ipas because the hop overpowers all flavor but the brewer had a good balance . still , could not do a whole glass . i felt the imperial stout had a bitter burned taste that wa overpowering ... i almost want to say the batch had too much chocolate malt in it ( not ice cream malt , for the non-homebrewers ) . the brown and amber were decent , but bland . i ended up getting an actual glass of the light beer and wa able to finish it all without forcing it ... . one point up on long beach , who had a good light but the aftertaste got to you before the glass wa empty.i really wanted to try the da gut dopplebock , but they were out . look like they will have it in bottle to go soon so i hope i can catch that . also want to try the snow moon belgian.verdict : while i wa not too impressed with the dark beer , i found the lighter one very good and i look forward to trying the other seasonal beer . it is a good hour drive south to get there , so i will not be going too often , but i will be back .
even since rock bottom opened ( 7 year ago ? ? ? ) i have always thought it wa a dance club . i am not really sure why but i thought it wa along the same line a ( throw back ) hi-tops but i did . i think i always thought this place wa a club because of the behemoth size of the space . well i wa out with a friend and we needed a place to go before a show at the improv and rock bottom wa close . part of this is my fault ... i always order `` healthy '' item at place that specialize is greasy bar food ... then i am upset when the meal is not 5 star . i started off with one of their wheat beer , it wa alright . i nursed it all through dinner so i do not think i wa head over heel in love with it . i got the catch of the day , off the hook , fish dish , sailor delight or something ( i forget it had some cheesy fish themed name ) . it wa cod ( meh , that should have been the sign not to get it ) with roasted asparagus and lemon rice . the fish wa suppose to be broiled but it had a thick breading ( annoyed ) and the portion of fish wa tiny . the rice and asparagus were great though . my friend got a chicken sandwich which he enjoyed although the fry were pathetic . the fry were probably pre-cut frozen fry or just very poorly executed . they were so thin that you have to grab a huge handful just to get any actual potato flavor.pros : a lot of table ( no wait ) , brew special beer , big menu , could hear the dueling piano bar next doorcons : place wa fairly empty and we got a crappy table by the door when it wa 5 degree outside , most of the food wa fried , cheese filled , cream based , or wrapped in bacon . i know some people love to eat food like this all the time ( i do every once in awhile ) but if you eat out a lot you can not always get the spin dip , burger , and ice cream sundae . ( i would love to but it just not in my card ) . i do like like when causal place offer some healthy option .
went with a group after work for dinner and a brew . we ordered a few appetizer first . the wing are good and the soft pretzel with spicy spinach cheese dip wa fun . had a burger , you can create your own from veggie , turkey , or fresh ground beef . had a fresh ground beef and the meat wa fresh and cooked perfectly with a fresh bun.the brew pub is nice and wa surprised it wa not busier .
here is the trick to enjoying a meal at rock bottom : do not get fancy with your food order . stick with the sandwich , salad , burger , and bar food ; and you will be ok . i have had bad experience will all the fish dish ( including the fish and chip ) . also , i have found the service is generally better in the bar area than the dinner area . join the mug club , even if you do not go often , and rack up point for free mug and beer . thursday are trivia night and the dj is playing the music loud , so go if you do not really want to have a conversation with the person you are with : )
beer selection wa good , but they were out of the one we wanted . 4 of the 6 people in our group ordered steak all of them were cooked to their satisfaction . the bourbanzola wa a good addition . defiantly a place i would go again . joe , our server , wa awesome and super friendly .
i love this place ! great atmosphere and friendly service every time i go ! !
rock bottom is a nice hangout place . often when you are out and about with friend you arrive home with no voice from screaming over all of the background noise . great if your out to see a band , but not so much fun if you actually want to talk to the people sitting around you . depending on your mood you can sit in the dining area full of booth and table . it is alittle separated from the main bar area so provides for a semi quiet dining area . the bar area give you a choice of sitting at the surrounding table with waitress service or hanging out at the bar itself . complete with a chillie ice strip to keep those yummy brew cold and the ever entertaining company of your favorite bartender . when the weather cooperates the outdoor patio house about 6 table for outdoor dining . the view however ... not so picturesque , just the entrance to the improv . which hey , that could be the perfect seat if you are stocking the local comic ! the bar area contains pool table and dart board to try your skill . on any give night sport fan can enjoy the game of the day on one of the 6 big screen tv surrounding the bar area . the menu is pretty decent with burger that are cooked to order with the choice of either steak , veggie or chicken . they have a number of specialty burger with different cheese , topping and creative theme . the bourbonzolla is a tasty burger with a bourbon based glaze and gorgonzola cheese . appetizer which range from nacho to firecracker shrimp . steak , pasta and salad with rotating special from different area of the menu . on monday the burger are half off ... i do not think you have to be a member of their mug club to get the special . however , if you are here regularly the mug club is great with free gift and special . http : //www.rockbottom.com/mc needle to say i have a fun beer glass collection thanks to rock bottom ... lol ! now everyone favorite part about rock bottom is beer ! the in house brew master keep it interesting with a rotating variety of frothy yummy to try along with the consistant favorite of ale , ipa is , rotating dark and kolsch . stop by on thursday night for a colorful game of trivia where team battle it out in a game of intelligence and drinking skill !
we have all had this happen to u - you go past a place one hundred time and never go on . then , once you finally do , you realize how many opportunity you wasted ! rock bottom is definitely a solid bar . a a microbrewery , their beer list is full of house brew . there are better beer in the world , but there are a lot of worse beer out there , too . what really make rock bottom standout , though , is the food . my girlfriend and i shared an order of nacho , and it took everything we had to finish them . they also make a mean soft pretzel . the waterfront may not be the most convenient thing to do while in pittsburgh , but no trip to the waterfront , is complete without a bite and a drink at rock bottom .
i would have to say i am pretty partial to rock bottom , i have been going almost every thursday for the past 3 year because of the fantastic `` team trivia '' . my friend and i love the atmosphere , the dj ( todd ) , and the service that we get at rock bottom . every week when we go a menu is never needed because we pretty much know everything we want on it , except for when the change the menu from time to time and we get to have a special treat with something new ! a an avid rock bottomer , hand down i have never in my life had a better spicy spinach cheese dip than i have had here at rock bottom . whether i have eaten dinner or not before i come down to the restaurant , my favorite and my food of choice is the enormous ball park pretzel with the cheese dip . it is a meal itself ! the mixture of onion , cheese , spinach and tomato is perfection ! another favorite of mine is the barbecue chicken pizza , it ha a great kick to it and it is big enough for two people . the service ha always been super great and now since we go often we have developed a great relationship with some of the wait staff . a truly great place to have fun with friend and meet new people ! come to team trivia every thursday at 8pm !
rock bottom on thursday night is the place to be . team trivia start at 8pm and it is free to play . the dj ( todd ) is great . the food is good , but the ball park pretzel with spicy spinach cheese dip is the best . the wait staff is generally pleasant and on top of thing , a few server are excellent . i am not a beer drinking so i have not tried the microbrews but the mixed drink i have had have been good and a few of thier special perfect . on night that are not trivia night , rock bottom is quiet and a good place for a small to medium party . larger party will usually be split into two table . overall , an enjoyable place at which i am a regular .
so i have not been to one of these in awhile since i normally have an aversion to chain restaurant , but since i wa with colleague on travel for work and they chose this place i went along . first surprise : decent beer . i remembered the normal rb brewery beer were not much to write home about but they had a couple of new style , including a very good imperial ipa that for $ 5/glass can not be beat . second surprise : pretty tasty food with a lot more healthy option than i expected . recommend the summer salad and the ahi tuna - both were great . service wa a little slow ( not sure why ) so a 4-star review is downgraded to 3.5 . i will be back next time i am in pittsburgh for work .
the beer is good . their light beer , lumpy dog , is very good -- doe not taste like a light beer . when i wa pregnant i became quite a fan of their root beer float , too.as others have noted , the pretzel are really good . i am not a fan of the spinach dip but my husband like it . veggie burger are always good , too , though the staff sometimes seems confused when you order , say , the bourbonzola burger with a veggie burger . long , long ago , when i used to go to the rock bottom in boston , there wa a hot mushroom / sundried tomato / cheese dip on the menu that wa fantastic ... if they resurrect that i will gladly add another star !
i always feel like i am constantly bashing brewery for their food , but in my opinion , i feel the bar is raised for place like this . it seems there are so many brewery out there that offer great beer , and slack off on the food . unfortunately rock bottom is one that fall into that category . let is be honest , when you go to a brewery , you want the full experience . if it wa only about the beer , i will go buy a growler and take it home . so , about the beer ... .excellent ! ! ! ! ! the jagoff ipa is with out a doubt one of the best ipas i have ever had ! they only i can think of that i think is better is dogfish head , but that is a matter of opinion . the beer selection is constantly changing , and they always have some excellent seasonal beer . you can not go wrong , there is bound to be a beer everyone will like . a for the food ... ... .it is pretty much a crap shoot . sometimes it is good , sometimes it is terrible . my biggest problem is there is absolutely no consistency when it come to the food . one time it is perfect , then maybe it is cold , or it is burned , or it taste completely different from the last time you had it . unfortunately , it seems there is zero attention to food quality . that is pretty much it . this place fix it is food consistency , and it is a five star place . till then , it is hit or miss !
i wa so ready to like this place ! turn out , not so much . it wa okay . no better than tgifridays , but better than eat n park ! the deets.the hubster and i were here on a saturday evening after a show at the improv so we were happy and in a good mood and ready to enjoy some good eats . we ordered drink . he a wheat beer of their brewing , me my fave bloody mary with absolut peppar . the hubster deemed the beer acceptable , but would not go out of his way to come back just for another one ... .yes , he did order another one `` just to be sure . '' my bloody sucked . watered down tomato juice with no discernible peppar of any kind , let alone any other seasoning . even a good standard mix would have been better . our very efficient and friendly waitress took it back and watched while it wa remade by the other bartender . nope , no better at all . that went back and i went with a you-can't-screw-it-up amaretto sour . it wa fine.hub ordered a reuben - why , i will never know because they simply never measure up to the gold standard of what used to be at the long-lamented gazebo in shadyside . you younguns would not have a clue of the establishment of which i speak . he said this one wa `` fine . '' i had the texas fire steak with jalapeno butter which i enjoyed very much ! packed a punch of heat and flavor , but the side were uninspired . steamed veggie . any flavor wa steamed out in the process - eh . cheddar mashed potato - there wa cheddar in there ? ? ? ? ? no way ! the tab wa reasonable - we did have a living social deal that took $ 30 off , so our check wa for $ 12 and change , not including tip . not bad ( even with the $ 15 cost of the l deal ) , but had we paid full price , it would not have been worth the experience . we will hit the improv again - we have before - but , we will head somewhere else afterwards .
i must admit , i do like the brew . i also like the white cheddar mash potato . other than that , meh . the food is pretty forgettable . another `` brewery '' that sadly fails to be anything special in the food department . with the restaurant upping the ante on 8th ave , you may want to kick it up a notch rock bottom . but how would anyone know to ? it is a chain . whomp whomp !
for a brewery who is attempting to take advantage of oktoberfest you wonder how at 7 pm they could be out of mashed potato & sauerkraut then a sausage platter with sweet mustard guess they have not been to germany . not worth $ 5.95 unfortunately the sausage platter wa $ 15.95 .
dined in twice , food ok , atmosphere good .
i have always been pleasantly surprised with the food i have gotten at rock bottom . i say `` surprised ' because with any restaurant that fall into the slippery territory of a `` chain '' , you expect to find your fair share of culinary dud . but i have really had a lot of good meal at rock bottom . now , granted , you do owe it to yourself when ordering to not forget where you are ( a `` bar-straunt '' if you will ) , and do not get anything above and beyond this place is call of duty . for instance , i will never be ordering the ahi tuna . i will leave that to my favorite sushi bar and restaurant a bit closer to the water ( the mon doe not count ... .. ) .but besides that , i always really enjoy my meal choice . i have recently gotten the chicken avocado sandwich . chicken wa grilled perfectly , plenty of avocado , and it wa a good sized sandwich without being excessive . i have also ordered the margherita pizza , which could definitely be split between two people . it is an eight cut that come to you on a big wooden pizza paddle . the pizza wa really great . the crust wa crispy , it had a good balance of cheese and tomato , and the basil pesto wa fresh and tasty . and not greasy whatsoever - big bonus point there . but my biggest surprise a of late wa when i ordered their chicken flautas . i am a huge mexican food fan and always hesitate to order mexican outside of a mexican restaurant for fear of being disappointed . but i had an insatiable craving one night and decided to go for it . it wa delicious . the flautas are deep fried which give you an amazing crunch , and they still managed to not dry out the inner ingredient . the accompanying rice wa nice and moist a well . i wa so happy ! i have always been quite happy with the service there a well . i go on thursday evening for trivia , and nine time out of ten the service is really spot on . the lady servicing the bar area are friendly and attentive . only once or twice , to my memory , ha my service been sub-par , and that can usually be chalked up to an extremely packed trivia night with only two visible server helping 50+ people.i definitely give rock bottom two thumb up for taking your typical chain-found food and making it fresh , yummy , and worth coming back for more .
i went to rock bottom this past weekend , and it wa `` nice '' to see that nothing ha changed in the year or two since my last visit . while the beer is pretty good , it ha never outweighed the fact that the service is not good and the food is average , at best.it wa even difficult to get beer at the bar ... we tried to have the girl order , thinking they will have better luck ... when that failed , the men tried ... that did not work either . if we had not really wanted a cold beer after a comedy show at the improv , we would have just left . it definitely wa not busy enough to be noticed and ignored by the bartender , so i can not overlook it . of course , the service ha always been spotty at rock bottom , so it wa hardly surprising.combine the weak food and poor service with rock bottom being too far from home for a night out just to drink , and you get the exact formula that is kept me from going there in the past ... and will keep me from going often in the future .
happy hour at rock bottom , 2 thumb up ! good price , the pizza is delicious , drink are a few dollar off the regular price , good service , and the atmosphere is always casual and fun .
the only reason rock bottom get 3 star is because of the brew . food wa `` eh '' , not many vegetarian option and hostess who will ignore you because they are too busy chatting about who did not text them back . this place ha the potential to be great , but sadly , it fall way too short in almost all area .
watch the fat girl in here . they will try to steal your buddy chair in a sec if he go to the bathroom & then the indignent fat girl had to get yelled at in front of everyone w/ in ear shot . everything else including the burger & beer i devoured wa excellent .
rock bottom wa our first stop on a 17 mile pub crawl . a expected , the bar wa lively , the food wa good , and the service wa accommodating , the beer are better than church brew work and the bar wa populated . the bartender readily offered a taste of beer and gave u a hat to wear for the rest of the crawl . i vote for rock bottom a the anchor store of the water work .
i have not been to rock bottom in year . maybe even decade ... is that even possible ? well , either way , it is been awhile . so with my gift certificate i took my brother out for a birthday dinner . a i get older , my tolerance for thing like crowd and youngster get lower and lower . a a result , i told my brother to be ready by 4pm so we could head to the waterfront before everyone go out for date night . plus the pirate were playing at 4:05 so we could enjoy our beer and the game.when we arrived , the bar side wa already pretty packed but we were still able to get a table . our server wa very attentive , friendly and helpful . right off the bat we both ordered sampler so we could try all of their beer . we loved the fact that a she approached our table with a full tray of sample our server said , `` i have to go back for the rest . '' in all we were served 10 different beer each ( in 3 oz glass , maybe 4 - i can never tell ) . i got ta say , rock bottom know their beer . i liked more than i did not , and very few were not to my liking . so the $ 6.95 10 beer sampler wa well worth it . during our sampling we indulged on some southwest egg roll . they were okay , but not quite what i expected . the spicy ranch wa top notch , though . a we ran out of beer , we each ordered up a kobe burger . they were both cooked exactly to our liking ( medium ) . and to top off our wonderful evening , the pirate brought home a win ! my only complaint , a a beer drinker , is the cost for a growler . the glass container itself is sold for $ 12.95 . that is the empty price . to me , that is a little ridiculous when east end only charge $ 3 for the bottle and penn brewery $ 5 . paying more for the bottle than the beer inside seems like insanity to me . so i walked out empty handed . but it will not deter me from returning .
i just came here with some friend to hang out and get some appetizer , and i have to admit that i wa pretty satisfied with what we got . though i could not find any fried pickle or onion ring on the apps section , there were some blue cheese nacho that really hit the spot . the atmosphere of this seems pretty cool , especially in the pub area .
fish taco were excellent ! ! great brewed beer on tap a well ! ! ! ! ! !
i very much enjoyed my first visit here . i got the turkey meatloaf and it wa really tasty . it is more sausage than turkey . the cheesy mashed potato were excellent . the star of the night wa the appetizer , the artichoke and crab dip . it wa awesome . my only complaint wa i ordered a red ale and they were out . i had the curmudgeon instead and it wa very good , but still .
slow servicebelow average food ill pas
first time i wa here i had chicken quesadilla is and they were bad . we went again last weekend . i had the chicken avacod sandwich . it wa very good . no fat in the chicken . just a mess to eat , but still awesome . also had the chocolate stout cupcake , it wa amazing .
thanks to the staff herefor being so friendly andcool with our whole mess**rock bottom allowed our bachelorette party to eat and drink and hang after dave and buster orphaned u
it not bad . i am not into chain kind of place , but if you are with a group that doe not do anything more adventurous , you will do fine here . i vacillated between 2 and 3 star but the house beer i had will make sure i come back from time to time .
went to rock bottom for lunch the other day and wa very pleased . my coworker had printed out a coupon for a free mini appetizer . the waitress told u that they were not making mini appetizer and gave u a full sized chicken quesadilla . if you have ever had the southwestern egg roll from chili is - the filling tasted like that and i am a big fan ! monday are half off burger day and i tried the just hot enough burger - topped with crispy jalapeno , pepper jack cheese , pico de gallo and housemade habanero ketchup . it wa delish ! the ketchup wa so good and the fry were extremely crispy . the price are a little steep for lunch but if you go on monday , it is totally worth it . i think that the quality of food more than make up for it but do not expect for pay under $ 10 for a sit down . i felt that the staff wa very nice and the waitress wa very attentive . the service wa quick and i think you can get in and out in under an hour .
rock bottom is a chain brew pub one that , in my opinion , is just `` ok '' . the restaurant is rather large with lot of seating and a pool table . they have many of their own brew that you can sample but to tell you the truth none of them are that good . i have had several of their beer and all of them have been forgettable . their food is pretty much like their beer , forgettable . i have had one of their burger and their pizza and they really were not anything to write home about.i feel they will impress those who have never been to a brew pub but i would probably describe them a the chili is of brew pub . if you are in homestead and are looking for a burger and a beer it might be a good choice for a bite , or at least until the burgatory open !
went here last night to meet folk for a friend is birthday party . docking one star due to a few unfortunate thing that happened , otherwise i will be fine giving this place a 3.our waiter wa very attentive and kept our water and soda cup refilled , the food wa decent overall - i had a plain ol ' burger and a delicious berry sangria - and the place overall had a nice vibe to it and wa pretty comfortable and fun to be in ... you will think this would just be another average place not-great-but-not-bad and i will be ready to go on to the next review right there.here is where i ran into problem . i will checked the website in advance to try and plan my meal since i do my best to pick item on menu that are not , say , 2,000 calorie in one sitting . their website advertises that they make skinny drink ; when i asked my waiter he said it wa possible but that they did not normally do this and that it is a hassle for the people at the bar , so he did not recommend it . then why tell u on your website that you will do it ? ? ? additionally , while we had checked in advance when we made our reservation about bringing a birthday cake and the restaurant is ability to handle u lighting candle , apparently there wa a break down in communication ; we never got the candle we had asked for , and in fact the poor waiter struggled to even find a lighter before realizing there were no candle available . obviously whatever error occurred wa not the waiter is fault , and we definitely thanked him and tipped him well for doing the best that he could with what he had . on a final note , this is also one of those place where if you ask for a medium rare burger , they will overcook it ; i have started ordering medium rare on purpose specifically so that i get a medium cooked burger instead of medium well or well done.final verdict : go for the brew if you must , and the food is nice enough . i wa admittedly left a little underwhelmed .
mostly come here for the beer and sport . fun place !
nothing special . just like applebee is , chili is or friday . stick to the bar food ( burger , sandwich , pizza , wing and salad ) and you will be okay . this wa our second attempt at trying rock bottom on father day . the first time almost ten year ago . we went in the early afternoon and they had already ran out of steak . how do you do that on father day ? ! this time we went around 12 noon and beat the rush.my wife got and loved the berry bash sangria . she just said it had too much ice in it . our daughter got the root beer float which she love and i started with a mango ice tea , but later switched for a raspberry ice tea a the mango ice tea wa not sweet enough.we started off the the kobe beef slider a our app . it took at least 15 minute to get them . you get three slider and they were very good.my wife got a small greenhouse salad with jalapeno ranch dressing to start off with which she enjoyed and the lobster & shrimp enchilada a her main entree . she complained about how salty it wa and the fact that there wa no lobster in it at all.our daughter got the kid burger and fry . no surprise there.i ordered the new york strip with mashed potato and it came with green bean a well . my strip wa cooked perfectly and ha a decent taste . longhorn ha a much , much better quality of steak though . the green bean were pretty good and my mashed potato very bland and pretty average . the kitchen sounded like an live episode of hell is kitchen . the waiter were repeatedly asking for order at least 5 to 6 time . the kitchen wa backed up the whole time we were there.on a different note , our waitress susan wa very good . come here for drink and the bar food . skip everything else .
i go to rock bottom pretty often for dinner or their awesome beer , so i wa really really excited to have my bridal shower there . my maid of honor reserved the banquet room which wa very nice and separated from the rest of the restaurant . my moh and mother said that the person they talked to about reservation and arrangement wa wonderful and easy to get in touch with . my shower wa wonderful , the wait staff wa great and kept everyone is glass full . it started pouring down rain and they let u stay a little longer so my gift would not get wet when taking them out to the car . the only reason this place get 4 star is because we were not allowed to take our leftover food from the buffet home . there wa salmon , chicken , potato , and mac and cheese left over and they told u we could not box it up . not sure why- they can not re-serve it ! it would have just gone to waste ! also , not at all related to the shower , their trivia night is super fun !
southwest egg roll and fish taco . mmmmmmmmm . ohh and the amazing brew !
i am giving 4 star mostly because of the beer ... .large selection & decent price . the food is pretty good , but nothing to rave about . the menu ha a good variety , and everything i have tried ha been good . portion are large . one side of the restaurant is the bar & bar atmosphere ... .with several tv is & 2 pool table . it is very wide open with extremely high ceiling . the other side is more for family or people who are not concerned about watching sport . in general , it ha a relaxed atmosphere . i have always had quick & friendly service . i love the whole waterfront area ... .so much to do !
i am not much of a beer drinker , but my fiancee is a major enthusiast , so i agreed to tag along . i am glad i did ! our waitress wa very knowledgeable about the extensive house-brewed beer selection , and helped me to pick one i would love ( the kolsch wa very crisp , light , and drinkable . ) the food wa standard pub fare with a twist , well-executed . my burger wa topped with onion petal and gorgonzola , and cooked to perfection . the waitress recommended their macaroni and cheese for a side , which wa definitely a good choice . my only complaint is that most of the food wa rather heavy , and i spent the rest of the night wallowing on the couch . not sure i would make the hour+ trip to pittsburgh again , but if i found myself in the city , i may just stop by .
came with my bf we started with the crab artichoke dip . it wa very greasy and had virtually no crab . the wedge salad wa good and crisp . i had the hazelnut crusted chicken . this ha to be one of the worst dish i have ever had it wa like pancake syrup over breaded chicken . to finish the meal we had the homemade chocolate chip cooky served with hot fudge . well there wa no hot fudge it wa chocolate syrup the ice cream wa so crystallized from melting and re-freezing all around disappointing .
normally the food is outstanding , no more salted bread stick , but they did bring back the ball park pretzel . not very good , cool to low warm . hard , dense . mango ice tea is wonderful.will see how the chicken come out.to be continued ...
tom and i decided to try this place out before catching a late movie on a saturday night . he is a beer buff , and neither of u had ever been there , so we gave it a go.we walked in around 8pm and we were told that there would be an hour long wait . we put our name on the list and went shopping around the area . about 25 minute later , our table wa ready . parking wa a cluster since the lot is shared with dave & buster and a karaoke bar called sing sing . tom dropped me off at the door so i could secure our table.our server , jackie , approached me almost immediately and brought two water to the table to start . she wa very attentive and funny , and probably the best part of our experience at the restaurant . tom ordered a red ale and to his surprise , did not care for it . jackie gave tom three free sample of beer she thought he would like after talking to him about his beer drinking habit . he loved all three , and chose the most bizarre ( and expensive ) beer . jackie switched the red ale to the beer of tom is choice , and charged u for the le expensive beer . very nice of her ! we started out with the ball park pretzel with jalapeno dip . the pretzel came out quickly and they were very fresh , not to mention huge ! we only ate one and took the other to go . very good app though ! tom ordered some sort of bacon cheeseburger , and i got the chicken fried chicken , which wa a pounded chicken breast , breaded and fried , over white cheddar mashed potato with a side of gravy and some apple coleslaw . tom is burger came with a small handful of fry , and my meal wa very spread out on my plate , like something wa missing . not very good presentation at all . the food itself wa okay , nothing to write home about . the potato were my favorite part . tom said that his burger wa mediocre.another note : the bathroom are shared with the sing sing karaoke bar that is in the same building , so expect drunk singing woman in the bathroom and brides-to-be puking in the stall next to you after enjoying too much alcohol at their bachelorette party ... yuck.overall , we might come back for the beer and service , but not for the food . and definitely not to use the bathroom ...
i am a regular here since their kitchen is open late and it is a good option after movie . their nacho is pretty good . i also tried their burger and chicken sandwich and they are good a well . i think the only thing i did't like is the steak taco appetizer . it wa too sour and kinda tasteless .
the cajun pasta i ordered wa just spicy enough to keep me sipping my rock bottom ipa . it may be a chain but i always get that microbrew restaurant feel when i am here . they could upgrade the quality of the server but i have never had a really bad experience with the service .
i really miss the northstar amber but the specialty beer are always good . food is excellent and the service staff is friendly .
so after an evening of enjoying a comedy show at the waterfront , we headed to rock bottom for some late night grub . the place wa pretty busy , we had to walk around the bar area for several minute until a nice couple told u they were about to leave and we could have their bar table . a nice a this wa of them it wa awkward standing over them a they finished their drink paid their bill and left . so finally seated i look over the drink and being the huge ipa lover that i am i went with that and it wa indeed a good choice . the hubby had the red ale which wa also rather good.the service wa ok , not the best not the worst . but moving on to more important thing , the food . talk about missing the mark hugely ! i ordered the mini street fish taco . you get four mini taco with a marinated in lime piece of fish , and tomatillo salsa . they were just stroke away from inedible . i love fish taco , i mean it is such a simple concept so why do people have such a hard time executing this dish ? the shell were hard and literally split at the bottom when i picked them up . the sour cream sprayed all over the plate only made them messy and the poor fish wa just so overcooked . if i wa not so hungry i would not have eaten them at all ! lesson learn on that.the husband had the bbq chicken pizza . it had bean and corn with roasted red pepper on it along with some sour cream . my husband is usually the type that will order these lovely specialty pizza is and ask for them to remove all the wonderful unique topping ! for instance , he would usually just say , chicken bbq and cheese , nothing else ! i refused to let him do that this time , because i wa really intrigued in the combination of ingredient on this pie . and boy wa i jealous when it came out . it blew my crappy taco out of the water ! should have stuck with something simple . furthermore i could care le if i come back to this location . the beer were good but hell you can get a decent ipa just about anywhere anymore . and the underwhelming food sealed the deal . i know this is a chain , but it still doe not have to stink ...
the food wa delicious . portion size generous . atmosphere good . our waitress lindy wa outstanding . have nothing but good thing to say . would highly recommend to everyone !
another good meal ... this time the housemade meatloaf . it is a blend of turkey and sausage instead of the standard ground beef . a refreshing and delicious twist on a comfort food staple . served over cheddar mashed and mixed veggie . the server could have behaved like she wanted to be there but everyone ha a bad day once in awhile . service wa prompt just the same . overall good experience .
i have to say that i have only been here when it wa very busy . i found the service fairly quick and any of the food i have had ha been delicious . i went there tonight and there wa an issue with my food . without going into detail , i will say they handled it wonderfully . our waitress mallory wa very kind and she wa quick to fix the problem . i had the salmon for the second time and it wa just a amazing a it wa the first time . i had one beer that is similar to a blue moon and that wa good too . i would go back again !
my husband and i got here a couple time a year . always ( except my veggie today ) get great food at a decent price . i love their side salad ... .. which ha raisin and sunflower seed . burger are great and my husband love their chicken mac and cheese . recommend to everyone just get there early for a seat .
poor service and food . i waited 20 minute at the bar for someone to just acknowledge my presence . they finally brought my food out and left it without asking for me to pay ... . so i had to wait an additional 15 minute to find someone to pay . yes , i had to try and give them money.on to the important part ... food wa terrible . i had a burger and it wa pathetic .
on a glorious day in the month of may , my love and i stumbled hungrily into rock bottom . ha . just kidding i realized darren w. had not reviewed here so i had to start it cheesy . the rock bottom line : monday for lunch we had awesome service by ashley . we were not rushed and it wa quite . the burger were great and half off . the beer wa very good . we will be returning for sure .
planned a surprise birthday party here for my wife and they did an amazing job helping to pull it off ! service wa extremely helpful , professional , and on point all night . lauren ( one of the manager ) wa reliable and pleasant throughout the entire planning process . if anyone is looking to plan an event i would highly recommend rock bottom . could not be happier !
i love this restaraunt . rarely have i ever received service like i get here . the food is good , definitely reasonable for the price . the thing that blew me away wa the fact that my steak wa cooked to temperature . this rarely ever happens at restaraunt of similar price range and quality . but the server are fantastic . very attentive , polite and timely . the beer selection is awesome , we always order the sampler . i like having lot of option a far a beverage go . the wait time is not terrible if you go a little later on a friday or saturday night . and they most often call you before the quote time . the desert menu is a little small , but i could probably skip it anyways ; ) the ambiance is good , not to crammed or noisy . they also have outside seating available when the weather is nice i highly recommend this establishment !
i love this place ! great food and the best beer brewed on site ! the bourbonzola burger is the best thing you can order here .
the staff here is very nice and the set up ha tv all around the family so enjoy mostly all sport , the music is nice and pretty mellow and the place is very spacey and the price are pretty reasonable . and most importantly is the place seems to be kept clean at all time .
good food and large portion . i ordered the veggie burger for $ 8.50 and i loved it ! it is one of the most unique veggie burger i have ever had : a homemade patty of bean , rolled oat and veggie . the chipotle mayo really gave it that oomph . my burger wa more than enough for me to handle and everything wa worth the price . a for drink , i am a complete noob when it come to beer but my friend ordered a tap and even from a small taste , i could tell it wa very good quality beer . bitter and sweet , with a slight tang . i rarely drink beer but i i am going to , then might a well drink the best kind there is - fresh and microbrewed.note : there are not too many option for vegetarian . the veggie burger wa pretty good and i will recommend it , but other than that , there is also the veggie taco , a few select appetizer , and a few salad from which to choose .
i have never been crazy about the food here , but my friend like it , so i do eat here once in a while . we stopped in last night and i had the chicken finger appetizer with fry . the food wa a little overcooked and nearly tasteless . the ranch dressing wa barely good enough to make up for it . my friend had the mac & cheese with chicken and bacon , which is what she order just about every time she is there . it looked delicious and the portion wa huge . i will be trying this dish next time we are there . we have also had the ball park pretzel in the past , and they are really good . i am giving 4 star because the service wa great , there is outdoor seating , and the berry bash sangria wa delicious ( if expensive ) . we will be back .
every time i have been here the food ha always been delicious and the service ha always been very exceptional . my go to is the laredo burger and the mac n'cheese a a side . they mac n ' cheese is absolutely wonderful if you like garlic ! i have had a few other menu option a well that have been superb . the beer on tap are always great . my newest favorite is the first ! pumpkin ale . one thing i really appreciate about rock bottom is that they are not one of these restaurant that try to rush you out when you are done eating . the food come out fast ( which is great when you are starving ! ) but if you want to stay an visit with your date or eating companion there is never any rush . i wa just at rock bottom last night meeting friend for a movie that did not start until 11pm . we got at the restaurant around 7:30 , ordered drink , ate and had a few more drink and then just hung out for about a half hour until it wa time to walk over to the cinema . it wa nice not feeling rushed to leave a soon a we stopped ordering.my only complaint are that sometimes meat end up being cooked a little more than you often ask . medium often turn into medium well , but that is not a huge problem for me . i also do not think the signature cocktail are worth $ 9 , but that is more of a corporate complaint since rock bottom is a small chain . overall i definitely recommend eating here if you are in the waterfront !
the food is standard american fare -- a bit overpriced in my mind -- and the beer range from mediocre to very bad . the kölsch is the only decent beer of the bunch . the service is good , but the wait for food or a table can be quite long ( generally 20-30 minute even for just beer and apps ) . i have been to the one at the denver airport a well , but i wa stranded and had free meal ticket , so okay-but-nothing-special pizza from rock bottom it wa . since it is a recognizable national chain , i think of place like this a more of a tourist brewery rather than a true pittsburgh craft-brew experience .
the beer is good but the food is nothing to brag about at all . i have tried many thing on the menu , and if you have developed a `` foodie '' palate , do not even bother , because you will be very disappointed . if you feel comfortable with chain restaurant and their lack of innovative touch ( which , nothing wrong with that ! ) you will most likely enjoy rockbottom . the only entree i did enjoy were the lobster and shrimp enchilada ( minus the repulsive bean and rice ) and the asiago crab dip a an appetizer . otherwise , you are better off skipping it .
this place is quite big with a bar area , dining room area , and patio area . we decided to sit in the bar area so we could watch some football on one of the many tv is . they also have dart and two pool table , which i really enjoy . when you are in the bar area you can see the beer being brewed through the window which is really cool . i ordered the hibiscus wheat beer and my friend ordered the white wheat , both of which are brewed by rock bottom . they both tasted delicious and were exactly what i needed for a hot day . my friend ordered the fried chicken entree which came with mashed potato and of course she gave me a few bite since we always share . it wa a pretty delicious meal , but the fried crust fell off a few piece which i am not really a fan of . i ordered the sante fe salad with grilled chicken not fried . the salad wa okay i wa expecting more flavor overall , but i did not really get them . it wa a good experience and will most likely be back when i am around the waterfront area .
i am not a fan of chain restaurant typically and had to slowly break my boyfriend from wanting to eat at chain restaurant all of the time . the one chain that i can not break from is rock bottom . their beer is always good- a far a their staple go , i really love their white ale . their seasonal ipas have been good and my favorite seasonal of all time included their chocolate raspberry stout ( ... yes , it tasted a good a it sound ; they had it last year around christmas ) and their smoky bbq brown ale ( tasted like summer , complemented bbq amazingly ; they had it this past summer , i bought a growler of it lol ) . a far a their food go , i typically stay away from the appetizer . $ 10 and up is a little too pricey for me a far a appetizer go . i have had their southwestern roll and they were good but not worth $ 10 . almost every time i go i order the baja chicken sandwich . it is my favorite chicken sandwich ! so good . the chicken is actually grilled ( which go for all of their chicken sandwich ) and i love the charred flavor that it ha . the bun is soft but sturdy and doe not fall apart while eating the sandwich , the sauce is amazing , the onion frizzles are the best and last but not least ... there is a half of a fresh avocado on this sandwich . mhm ! i love it . my boyfriend usually get the hickory bbq bacon chicken sandwich and love it a well . another item i always get ... their apple coleslaw . i have yet to find better coleslaw in a restaurant . so simple , yet oh so good . they also recently changed their fry and these are much better than their old one . their side salad are awesome a well . they are decent in size- spring mix topped with sunflower seed , raisin , half of a hard boiled egg ( which i give to the boyfriend ) , chopped cucumber and tomato and crouton . yum ! i usually order the same thing every time i go . i steered off my normal path once and ordered the buffalo mac and cheese and found it to be quite tasteless . which turned me off to trying new item there . plus i am just too in love with the baja chicken sandwich and apple coleslaw to want to try anything else . service is always great , the bartender are friendly ... i love this place . ask about their rock bottom reward !
be careful . the server can not pay attention to save their life , and the management care even le . i want to make sure people know how careless the management is , particularly mark who seems to let his staff run around .
i always enjoy rock bottom . standard beer on tap are always great and their rotating selection usually ha a hit a well . i prefer the bar seating a to the dining room , but this is a good way to separate the family dining from those of u without kiddos . nacho , nacho , nacho . truly the best in the area . great burger , chili and salad . really ... i do not think i have had a bad meal here . nice outdoor seating in the summer . this is a great place to watch a game or just hang out . iced counter at the bar to keep your drink cold . i know they have other cocktail here , but i can not order them at a beer place . i have seen them and they do look good , but i am stuck to the beer selection . they have a great happy hour and special throughout the week . service is always great whether there are two or 10 of u .
this is a `` okay '' place to eat . the food is nothing special . i guess what they have going for them is the beer . order the guacamole for the starter which wa okay but for $ 8.50 and the portion wa not worth it . rice ( cajun taco ) wa not cooked well . would i go there again `` maybe '' . if your into beer and watching the game , then yeah go there .
ball park pretzel-would eat again . i came to rock bottom , looking for a great beer . full of hop , that brings a refreshing sensation and satisfaction . i then opened the menu , scanned looking for those select bar item to pair with my great beer . i saw an extensive list of item , from chicken finger to salad . i noticed a ball park pretzel , with a jalapeño cheese dip . i wa blown away , the fact that i got 2 pretzel amazed me . i ordered within 25 minute of seating . my pretzel hit the table within minute . the smell of the warm salt and hot cheese opened my sens . but i knew we could step this shit up , i asked for mustard . and what do you know . grey poupon dijon mustard is in front of my eye . i combined that shit and life evolved . i went to heaven , it took me 35 minute to write this review because i took a solid bite with grey poupon after each sentence . good look rock bottom , keep up the good work .
we have been going to rock bottom for sevesrl year and love it ! it is our go to place , when we want a nice meal , in a nice atmosphere , with good service ! we have had 1 maybe 2 not so great visit but for the most part , service is excellent and the food is consistent ! after leaving another restaurant ( just trying to do something new for a celebration ) because of poor service , we were greeted and seated in a few second ! our server wa at our table within second even though she had a large ( 10 to 12 guest ) group at the table near u . we had our drink in minute and were checked on twice within 5 minute . our food came out rather quickly and wa delicious ! our server wa very attentive and social . a usual , a save by our go to place ! i know we will retun here again !
my husband and i went to rock bottom brewery last night for the first time and we had a wonderful experience ! our server , amanda , wa very attentive , and wa able to make several good beer recommendation to my husband . my husband said that his burger wa the best one he will ever had , and my pizza wa delicious ! price were not too bad either , especially considering how amazing the food and the service wa . rock bottom is now on our list of favorite local restaurant and we will definitely be visiting it again in the future !
nice enough chain restaurant . have ordered the fish taco appetizer and the dinner entree of cajun fish taco which come with black bean and rice . both are ok , though i think i will order something else next time a i am pretty picky about fish taco . the appetizer taco were rather dry . the cajun taco were much better but executed oddly . they come in 2 shell -- an inner hard shell and an outer soft shell . why might i ask ? why add extra calorie for something that seems so unnecessary and doe not add to the dish in any way . oh , well . can not speak about beer here a i am not a beer drinker.the space is pleasant and our server wa efficient even if the meal wa not the quickest to come to our table even though it wa not busy.would i revisit ? probably ; it wa decent enough with many other menu option . keep in mind , however , that there are many option nearby worthy of a visit .
standard issue rock bottom . we ordered the nacho ... .they could have easily served 6 people . i have never seen a more massive platter of food . bar service wa okay ... guy working there wa nice to talk to about sport .
on a friday i went to rock bottom with some friend for their happy hour which take place from 4-6 . our server wa a spunky brunette who wa very attentive and even let u sample a many beer a we liked until deciding . i ultimately decided on the pom-berry cosmo which wa excellent . i also got the ball park pretzel which is amazing . during happy hour it is only $ 5 and you get two big pretzel served with this delicious cheese dip . my friend got the nacho , the quesadilla , and the artichoke cheese dip . everything wa very tasty .
for this occasion i wa with my girl , we were looking for a place to have a good lunch . we looked around and chose rock bottom , we have eaten then before and enjoyed ourselves . the server wa a very nice person and wa very attentive . she when over the special and took our drink order . going through the menu one thing that caught my eye wa the bbq brisket stuffed burger . that just sounded so good . unfortunately the reality did not match the idea of the burger . the favor of the bbq never came through and the smoked gouda flavor wa none existent . it wa like having a standard old boring burger . i wa very disappointed . for $ 14 , i would have expected a lot more flavor . i would not recommend this burger unless they do something to bunch up the flavor .
went to rock bottom at the waterfront over the weekend with 10 adult and 3 child in high chair . service wa good , efficient , and fast . i enjoyed a good bowl of tortilla soup and an order of buffalo wing . both very good . from the table , i heard rave review of the ball park pretzel the other meal including a 2 alarm burger , a few classic burger cooked medium a requested , mac n cheese , and lobster and shrimp enchilada . a very good experience .
my visit here are generally pretty consistent . i love getting the beer sampler even though i have drank all the beer twice over . i would not say i have a favorite dish here yet but the food wa always generally good . i guess one thing that stick out is the chicken mac and cheese and the reuben . when i go here though , i am going for the beer more than the food . definitely worth a trip for dinner .
first , i have to say that i have been here twice in the past few month , and each time wa with a very large group ( one group of 20 , one group of over 30 ) on a weekend evening and i am thoroughly impressed with the friendly , efficient and professional manner in which the accommodate group . whether increasing the number of diner at the last minute or providing separate check , they are flawless . lot of other restaurant could learn from them . impressively , even with providing separate check to such large group , they chose not to add gratuity ( and we obliged with good tip ) , l managed to deliver food to everyone at the same time , and processed payment of the check in no time at all . bravo to this restaurant is management and service staff , it is top notch.that being said , the food and beer aint all that bad either ! fish & chip , chicken mac'n cheese , salmon bite , guacamole and the maker is mark burger are all quite good , a are the beer ( the kölsch is my favorite ! ) .
there are few local restaurant a popular a this place , the food is consistently good and the service always great . i meet people regularly at the bar , we usually have dinner but lately that is not always the case . the biggest complaint is that it seems the chef is intent on putting black pepper or some type of hot spice in all menu item .
overpriced . food is ok , but way overpriced . quantity are small ... .much smaller than the picture in the menu . the beer is average . but yes , you guessed it , that is overpriced too .
it is been a couple year since i first reviewed rock bottom , and while i still do not love the place they have definitely improved since then . they admittedly still are not my first choice food-wise because , by design , they are a pretty generic eatery for the most part , especially compared to other option in the area . their local brew are really the only thing that set them apart from other place in the waterfront , and pittsburgh ha so many brewery and so forth now that even that is not the biggest draw anymore.that said , their brew are usually quite good and worth trying . plus , they are improving in term of service and quality of food , and that deserves a mention . sure , i may think their menu of burger , pizza and american eats is pretty average , but i also think the quality of the dish is improving . for example , my burger are no longer coming to me overcooked , and a a result actually taste like a burger and not like a pile of topping and a dry meat patty . some dish are even more memorable now ; i actually really like their veggie burger , which is packed full of flavor that even i , a known carnivore , can appreciate . and their fresh pretzel and dip ? absolutely amazing - exactly what you will expect from a warm pretzel fresh out of the oven . i wa especially impressed during my last visit by a server named mark , who wa incredibly attentive and came to our table regularly to check on drink and keep u updated . he never said a negative word and wa quick to correct any mistake or problem that popped up during the night . if rock bottom hire more people like him , there will be many more happy people coming and going from the place , i guarantee it.add in the fact that this is one of a small handful of place that accepts reservation in the waterfront - a major plus when planning big outing with friend in the area ! - and you have a reliable place where a group of people can go after a movie , shopping , etc . for food and drink . and for that , rock bottom is earned another star in my book .
wa hoping for a great end of a day experience , but ... ... thing happen . waitress seemed to have forgotten about u , entree came out prior to our appetizer . entree of fish & chip wa a major disappointment , fish wa soggy and the chip were cold and grainy.starters were comp'ed but i doubt we will go back . sad because it ha the potential to be a home run hitter . two star and that is it .
rock bottom : a cautionary yelper is tale.you might say , `` i have never heard of rock bottom , there is no way that they are a chain restaurant . '' beer ? apps ? bros ? sound like a good time , but be careful or you will end up on the rock bottom.after a 30 minute wait staring at half of an empty restaurant with the usual goofy decor you would find at a buffalo wild wing , we were finally seated . we could feel the tension from other diner that something wa not right . the manger wa running around apologetically and the food wa casually sunbathing under the heat lamp . we immediately ordered a few apps but just like got , and now our watch begins.we waited and waited to finally receive the saddest , tiniest plate of food with bloated chain restaurant price . the food wa uninspired , tired , and ordinary . the only reason why i am giving them 2 star is because of the extremely gracious and apologetic wait staff who took off 20 % of our meal due to the terrible service . so if you have decided to take a seat at rock bottom , take comfort in knowing that even the staff seems to know your pain .
great bar . great atmosphere . great food . cool place to be.definitely one of those place you could keep going back just because it is so chill and it is a great place for friend to just enjoy some drink and eat some good food . nothing too too spectacular by any mean but satisfies the taste bud . their apps are the best part and the highlight of the restaurant , in my opinion . the nacho can be split among 4-5 people easy . lot of topping and yummy all around .
while this is certainly not my first meal at rock bottom , this is my first meal in a year or two . the wait wa minuscule , and the greeter wa pleasant . a always it is a haircut weekend so the twin carnivore , the mother in law and i decided to tie the feed bag on at rb . our server matt wa easy to work with and informative . i started off with the tortilla soup . spicy and thick it went down easy enough . however let me say that the price at $ 3.50 wa rather steep for the serving size . did somebody say ouch ! ! thing one and thing two each had the 'small fry steak ' with fruit ( cantaloupe , melon , and grape ) and steamed broccoli and at $ 6.75 each , i think i wa 'buffaloed ' if you get my drift . the steak consisted of three small thinly sliced piece of ... . hmmm . they say that kid say the darnedest thing well thing one noticed that his steak wa very very gristly , and thing two noticed that his wa rather dry . not the best dinner they have eaten . they say you get what you pay for or not ! ! my meal consisted of the chicken bacon mac & cheese and at $ 14.75 i had no complaint . it wa filing hot and load with chicken and bacon . how can anything be wrong with that much bacon ! ! ! the final dinner consisted of chicken fried chicken and at $ 13.95 my mother in law wa sated . over all this meal wa a wash . if anyone from rock bottom corporate read this ... you may seriously want to rethink you portion size . a you know i vote with my foot and dollar , and neither will be there again any time soon ! !
this is another one of my favorite place that had deteriorated dramatically . corporate decided to get rid of the core beer and the beer now suck . the menu ha gone from something for everyone to a couple of overpriced entree and a bunch of small plate that are ok but not great . the service ha also suffered tremendously . we are abandoning this restaurant.i do not expect this rock bottom to be around too much longer . in the past , on night when the pirate were playing out of town , the bar and the restaurant would be packed . last night , it wa only slightly busy . you can usually tell when an eatery is suffering by the amount of staff on a given night and the condition of the bathroom . the staff wa overwhelmed and the bathroom were filthy and in serious need of repair . ala , i do not think that rock bottom will still be in business in six month . hopefully , if that happens , black rock bar & steak house will find it way into pittsburgh .
i love rock bottom . i do not frequent the restaurant side of rb a much a i do singsing , but the food come from rb . i order practically the same thing every time ( bacon mac 'n cheese , brewery nacho , and a beer ... usually an ipa or a manhattan ) and the last two time i wa at rb , the food wa disappointing : it wa cold and unappetizing , my manhattan sucked , and the service wa worse . the food is always better over at singsing for some reason ... even if they do come from the same place ! i wa craving the mac 'n cheese , so i went down to pick some up . i had a gift card , so i figured i wa not out any money if the food sucked . i saw that there wa a new menu , so i sat down to order . i got the street food quesadilla , bacon mac 'n cheese , and beer battered onion ring . i also ordered a homemade root beer and a few sample of the house beer.everything wa amazing ! it came out hot and tasted awesome . they have a new head chef and it show . i wa floored ... the new street food option are fun and tasty . they are unique and different ... not something you will find at any restaurant in the area.the service wa good . my waitress wa named liz and she certainly wa on point . she even helped me find a beer after i wa sorely disappointed by the ipa offering ... which wa weird . i always thought the house brew were tasty and fun , no matter their style or make . i am an ipa girl , but i would happily drink anything that came from their tap . i wa disappointed in the offering , but i ended up settling on the pale ale that wa quite tasty.in the end , if you were turned off by rock bottom before , i will definitely recommend going back to check out the street food and new menu offering . service ha dramatically improved , food quality ha improved , and i wa thrilled .
stopped in for dinner an bellied up to the bar . the bar tender wa quick to get me a beer ( the 3 pepper ale which wa really good ) but after that i wa totally ignored . tried to get the attention of the two bartender for about a half hour while nursing my beer . they seemed to be more interested in changing dollar for quarter and washing glass . i got feed up , finished my beer , paid my tab and went to uno is . glad i did ... got great service and my meal came quickly.verdict : sit at the bar for a beer if that is what you want but if you are hungry and want dinner take your chance at a table .
for a chain , it is better atmosphere than you would expect . the menu option all sound delicious , but the food quality is not great . just mediocre .
service is good , staff is friendly and knowledgeable . beer and cocktail are good a well . food ... not so much . my boyfriend and i shared the jalapeno pretzel appetizer which wa pretty good , but our entree ... . disappointing . i got the baja chicken sandwich and he got the bison burger . both were super dry . i could not even finish half of mine . he had to drench his in ketchup to be able to get the bison burger down . if i were to go back , it certainly would not be to eat .
meh is the only thing i leave here feeling . i ordered the classic burger because nothing on the new menu excited me . for a side , i requested the seasonal veggie ( trying to be healthier ) and wa told it is a squash mixture - great i love summer squash ! i received a poorly seasoned burger . the bun had the most flavor which is a sad statement . it wa topped with an olive and a mini pickle ... odd . my `` squash '' side wa lacking squash . instead all squash wa replaced by pepper ... which i can not eat.our server wa nice . the beer wa simple . with new brewery and restaurant popping up in and around homestead , perhaps rb should reconsider their flavor .
apps were good , service wa average , and the certified angus beef tip were awful . they were severely overcooked and the sauce they were in had no flavor . the picture on the menu made it appear you get a good amount of tip . however , i wa given only 4 tip , which in the end i wa thankful for , because if i had any more , i would have had to rest my jaw for a couple day due to the extreme toughness and amount of chewing required to swallow those flavorless tip .
great american style bar food with quite a lot to pick from the both the food and drink menu . they are also great at accommodating large group and these are one of the few place that allow you to call ahead to reserve a spot . been here plenty of time with my group and we enjoyed it every time .
overpriced . food is ok , but way overpriced . quantity are small ... .much smaller than the picture in the menu . the beer is average . butbyes
i am a fan of rock bottom . this is my 2nd time here and i can say i am a fan . we went on a saturday night after a day at sandcastle . the wait wa 45-60 min for a table of 5 which wa to be expected on a saturday evening . our server wa not the best in my opinion . she wa very friendly and some what attentive but it definitely took awhile to place our order in for our drink , appetizer , and meal . since we were all hungry , i ordered u the nacho . they were awesome . very happy and pleased with that selection . my sister ordered pretzel which were pretty good , but the clearly had too much salt on them . the cheese dip that came with the pretzel however wa awesome . definetly pleased with our selection.we placed our order , which came out in a timely fashion . everyone wa pleased . the price for the meal were about average for everything that you got . i got the the margarita pizza which wa pretty good . my wife got jalpeno burger with fry . my son got the kid pizza . my sister and her husband got the seafood taco with shrimp and crab i believe . the best part of this place is that they brew their own beer here . everyone got a honey beer ( can not remember the exact kind ) but it wa 7.75 for 25oz which wa a fair price i think . all in all , it def a place worth going .
good beer , food and service . arrived on a wednesday night for business and sat at the bar . bartender wa attentive and nice . food wa great . i had the bison prairie burger . it wa cooked perfectly and the flavor and fry were great . i will be coming here again on my next business trip .
the food is always plentiful , the atmosphere lively , the service friendly , and even though it is always busy , i rarely have to wait for a table . if you are a nacho fan , this is the place ! often , i just make it my appetizer , salad , and meal . yes , it is that big . even though i am not a big beer drinker , i enjoy their sampler , and i love their cider ; it had just the right amount of kick .
came to this place last night after shopping ! food wa pretty good ! service wa good . sat outside . nice space !
they did a good job accommodating a large group . mac n cheese with chicken and bacon wa good . in house beer were moderate and selection wa limited . good service , franchise-ish ambiance , nothing extraordinary but easy enough .
loved the american blonde and gram is oat soda ipa . good service . egg roll were very good . our bar tender wa very attentive and helpful in selecting the beer .
if your in the market for a beer or two this could be an option . they have a nice seasonal selection and it is all tap which i prefer . i also like that most of the seating is booth . on my visit the service wa lack luster . i have no idea where the waitress went for half the meal and her listening skill left much to be desired . i went with a beer sampler . it wa nice being able to try everything they have . i of course went with the pumpkin beer . for my main dish i had stuffed pepper which i honestly enjoyed . they had a great flavor . my only issue is the rice that came with it wa a bit under cooked . if service wa better and my rice wa cooked i would have given this place a solid 4 star but that unfortunately wa not the case on this particular visit .
i am visiting homestead this week for some work-related training . rock bottom wa recommended by the receptionist at my hotel , and i am so glad it wa ! i have been there twice already and will go back before i leave in a few day . i sat at the bar during both of my visit , and the bartender were both very nice ... bob during the day and paul at night . the pumpkin beer and milk stout are both awesome . like other reviewer stated , the nacho are great ! i think the best part wa that everyone wa very friendly . other customer seated at the bar were eager to chat , which is so nice when you do not know anyone in the area ! great place ! thanks for the hospitality !
came here on a saturday night . waited over an hour for a table for 2 , but enjoyed some great beer from the bar while waiting . ordered the calamari appetizer to start which wa very good . my fish and chip entree wa cold , but my boyfriend 2 am burger wa phenomenal .
very disappointing menu . pseudo mexican and south of the border fare . i had the beef tip slider . what a ridicule offering . each one ( 2 on a plate ) had a nickel sized piece of beef on an oblong 3 '' bun . it wa taken back to the kitchen , after i complained , and a thin sliver now appeared . the only thing good about this experience , the waiter wa nice ! a the raven said , `` never , never more . ''
we stopped in to grab bite to eat before we went to improv . my wife and i got the bacon chicken mac & cheese . it wa absolutely delicious right down to the last bite . we raved about it all night long . our friend got a burger and asked for it well done . it came out medium . so she sent it back . the manger brought out the new one and he took care of our friend check . pretty great service . she loved the burger , and said it wa one of the best she ha had . i had the beer sampler and i liked all six beer . they were good . i would recommend this place and if we are down that way i will definitely go back .
great selection of beer especially the seasonal one ! you will not be disappointed . the jalapeño pretzel are dope !
i am very disappointed to say this place ha gone down hill . while my boyfriend and i use to really enjoy coming here , the food ha gotten considerably worse . they have taken many thing off the menu we use to enjoy , such a the pretzel stick with beer cheese , and replaced them with frozen ballpark pretzel and nacho cheese . tonight i ordered a steak salad , of which the steak wa good , but there wa nothing on the salad that wa listed on the menu . not to mention the whole place smell smell like dirty mop water . the beer is still very good , that is why still gave them 2 star .
we were a party of four . my wife and i ordered the stuffed pepper . it wa very spicy with some serious zip . however , it wa delicious . my youngest son had the chicken enchilada . he thought that those were the best that he ever had . my oldest son had the chicken mac-n-cheese . he thought that it wa very good . we all shared the calamari and jalapeno appetizer -- very spicy , but very good . we also had the buffalo wing appetizer . the sauce wa very good , but the wing were ok . the brownie dessert wa a little disappointing . the brownie were dry . i also had the key lime dessert . it wa ok . the service wa outstanding . the atmosphere wa vibrant and enjoyable . we will definitely return the next time that we are in pittsburgh .
we stopped into rock bottom for a late dinner . the place wa hopping-the bar side and the restaurant side . we chose to dine on the restaurant side . there were a lot of great choice on the menu . i chose the grilled chicken sandwich which had barbecue sauce , bacon , cheddar cheese , pickle , lettuce , tomato , and red onion . the chicken it self had a great grilled flavor . i think it wa good enough to eat plain . the barbecue sauce wa smokey with a hint of sweetness . the pickle added a tangyness . it wa a huge sandwich . it wa served with fry but they were a little soft . they needed a few more minute of cooking . i only ate half of my sandwich so i would have room for dessert . they have a couple of smaller dessert that are served in mason jar . then they have a few that are larger that you could share with 2pr 3 people . i ordered the cheesecake with caramel and toffee . yum ! ! ! ! it wa the perfect ending to a good meal .
ergh , this place . i hate giving bad review but on my latest visit , i should have listened to my gut and not repeated my visit here . naturally , i am not a stranger to this chain , understand it is a chain , but the past visit here wa just not good.came with my brother on a sunday after a driving lesson . we were hungry and this wa his way of paying for gas money . we were seated in the dining area . every time we are seated in the dining area it is a bad experience . on the bar side you get entertainment , the beer flights/draft special are decent and the bar food/appetizers are passable.it started off with the soft drink . i am not a pop drinker so when i want a simple diet pepsi i expect it not to taste funky [ and yes , i prefer the weird twang of diet drink to sugar in a glass taste of regular ] . there wa incorrect carbonation , whether they were running out [ i suspect this ] , no ice [ lukewarm ] or they had just hooked up a new box [ unlikely ] . i sent it back.my brother got a burger which he said wa fine , it came with an egg on it and he found himself satisfied . i tried to steal a few of his fry , which were a failure . they tasted like the off brand in the freezer section [ a full mouth of starch ] , and were barely crispy enough . so abandon plan . on my own dish i had the classic mac n ' chicken . first of all , the pasta wa crispy ? , really ? , it wa not a cheese sauce , it wa pretty much butter baked on and sprinkled in parmesan and smothered in breadcrumb . and when i say smothered here , this is not a good thing . sigh . the chicken wa pushed to the bottom of the pan , which my brother tasted because i wa turned off my this version of my favorite dish , and said it wa cooked properly . a small save ? again - i sent it back after about 3 bite . the waitress came back asking if i wanted a box , i told her to take it away . she did and disappeared into oblivion until we had to flag her down for the check , which i did not see a my brother paid for it while i used the restroom , i hope they did not charge u for the pop drink ... . needle to say , i came home hungry . honestly , if you come , come for drink and a salad , they do not screw those up . everything else , avoid .
i have been coming here a lot lately and the food is consistently good . their burger are great ( especially the 2:00 am burger ) and the staff is always friendly . i have not tried too many of their beer but the food will keep me coming back !
wa only here for drink so this is not a reflection on food . tried their standard flight and greatly enjoyed the xm @ s but nothing else stood out . also had the gentleman , holly is mistletoe and lively . the gentleman wa good in my opinion . 2 out of 8 beer impressed me and above standard for my taste while the others were below standard when it come to craft beer . again this is my opinion . i have a wide range of style i enjoy but ipas are a solid choice for me . pricing for flight wa excellent at $ 6 for 6 4oz . tasters.the service wa lackluster . myself and two friend were sat and the waitress took my order and the other man but ignored the girl that wa with u and walked off without even asking her if she would like anything . she wa a bit put off to say the least . we tracked the waitress down and she apologized but the rest of the stay wa a bit awkward . i hear the food is very good and will return to try it and adjust my review accordingly .
a friend and i stopped in to rock bottom brewery before a movie on a cold thursday . it wa a short hike from the theater , but i am not cold tolerant , and wa glad of the warm , comfortable restaurant interior . it wa pretty empty ( my favorite ) , and we were ushered to a booth , which wa roomy and comfortable . our server wa friendly , attentive , and made great recommendation . the beer were very tasty ! even though we were starving , our server recommended getting 1/2 order of nacho if we planned to get dinner . good tip ! ! ! the half order of nacho is piled on to a traditional dinner plate , and it wa plenty of appetizer for 2 people . my friend got the country fried chicken with mashed potato and slaw . she seemed to enjoy it . i got the veggie pizza with feta , which wa good , but i think i would have been happier with something else . there wa no fatal flaw in the pizza , i think i wa stuck eating bread with grilled veggie and feta while my friend ate fried chicken- and that wa entirely my fault . overall , this wa a positive experience . it ha a `` chain '' feel ( because it is a chain ) , but i would go back and recommend it to others . it is for foodie ? nope . it is amazingly original ? nope . but it is good food , good beer , good service , and a fair price . definitely .
first bad experience at this place . double swiss burger wa a tasteless a they could make . i asked for medium cooked and they gave me burnt . instead of caramelized onion , they added raw onion . they should check the quality of jalapeños they use , it wa not hot at all . they also forgot to add mayo.ohh and they took 50 minute to prepare this burger , and we missed our movie at amc . the waiter did not even bother to ask if everything wa okay . will not visit again .
saturday night , valentine is weekend around 7 pm - larger table sat quicker from what i could tell when we were waiting . i wa with one other person and we waited upwards of 50 minute for a table . when we were finally sat it wa by the door where it wa really drafty . it wa below freezing out , and we were both really cold . the food wa great though when it came , and it somewhat warned u up . we ordered the tortilla soup , nacho , diablo pizza , and 2 am burger . the soup wa delicious . i am itching to have another bowl already . i also tried their darkest beer that had hint of cacao and peanut butter . i am not a beer fan , but i really liked it . our waitress wa extremely nice a well . we were comped 20 something dollar when we did not even complain or say anything . it wa a nice surprise when we got our bill . i will definitely be back .
the first time i experienced the rock bottom brewery wa in downtown chicago . it wa wonderful ! i think i went back the next night because i had such a good experience . it is pretty much always packed around happy hour/dinner time because it is a great spot . the pittsburgh location doe not quite compare . the actual layout , food , service , etc. , is average . i ordered the bison burger last night and it wa pretty good . but , it wa a bit dry and it did not seem like they put much effort into it . honesty , when i received my food , it reminded me of being at a place like applebee is of chili is . they were out of mac and cheese because they had had a busy night . i did not mind that at all because i had tried the mac and cheese before ; you should give it a try if you have not . the waitress wa great . she checked in often to make sure we were comfortable . the menu is large . you are sure to find something you want to try . but it is a brewery , so the option are mostly variation of bar food . it is a cool place to go if you want to eat late and have a decent sized group with you .
we waited for almost an hour , while group smaller and larger , who had arrived both before and after u , streamed in and out . when we checked on our table status , they only replied `` you have 19 minute '' to wait . i guess it did not matter that i could see ton of open table if they have some sort of seating timer . once we were seated , our waiter wa quick but that is just about the extent of anything nice i have to say . the other folk in our party mentioned that the burger were pretty good ; however , my cuban cristo wa a mess . it had too much batter and wa fried too long , resulting in a greasy , brick of a sandwich . and , for a brewery , i wa extremely disappointed by the small size of their beer list . overall , it wa a mediocre experience with forgettable food . i will not be going back .
rock bottom is a decent larger sports/brew pub seating is at a premium on weekend evening , prepare to wait an hour to be seated at a table or try your luck scurrying against others a a high-top becomes available in the bar.the food is average , nothing extraordinary ... we did get the sausage filled pretzel bite , they had little or no sausage in half of them ( should have gotten the ball park pretzel ) they do offer a drink and wine selection but beer is limited to house brew only .
we got here at the last minute last night before the kitchen closed , there were five of u , and we got right in and had awesome service . we tried two beer flight so we could have the entire beer menu . the flight are priced exceptionally well . we had the nacho for an appetizer , which were good but not the best i have ever had . i had the brewer is cobb , which ha always been amazing at every rock bottom i have ever been to and an extraordinary amount . my husband had the beef tip , which tasted good but did not have a lot of meat . it left him wanting more . the mashed potato and onion straw paired with the tip were good though . the atmosphere wa great , it wa clean , and our server wa friendly and attentive . very happy with the experience .
i had my baby shower here . the space very nice , staff friendly , and everyone loved the food , especially the chicken mac n cheese ! everyone is still raving about it !
the experience wa different the second time around . we asked for a booth and got one right away . when we sat down , the waitress came fast and serve our drink and appetizer fast . the food wa great until the steak and shrimp came with the broccoli . it wa not good , the broccoli wa burnt bad and i ask medium well and they sent it bloody . my boyfriend is bison burger wa not that tasty either he sent it back . they sent the burnt broccoli back and i got a great salad , the steak had to go all the way to well done , but i believe the grill is not being clean properly cause the steak tasted burnt and charred . so the manager came over and ask my boyfriend if he wanted something else , he did not and he asked me how he could make it better , i asked that next time could we have are food done properly cooked . he apologized and actually looked out with discounting the meal and gave u fresh spinach dip , which i enjoyed . i will not return but the customer service wa awesome and i will not say do not go , but know what to order and what to watch out for when ordering !
very disappointed with this place . a lot of people standing around , table and menu sticky , the food wa fucked ! ! sent my pathetic bruschetta chicken back because it wa the size of a chicken nugget with one giant stem of broccoli . do not come here to eat . 2 star because the beer wa good .
although the proximity to my house add convenience a a factor in going to rock bottom , the food is le than desirable . the beer there is great , it is a fairly clean establishment with a good wait staff , but the food is awful . i ordered the quesadilla appetizer , and for $ 10.59 i got 4 mini tortilla , not toasted at all , with some melted cheese and chicken . no salsa , no lettuce , guac , sour cream . nothing . then i wa hoping the pizza i ordered would sort of redeem our experience , i got their `` hot '' style pizza since i like spicy food . the small pizza probably had 8 jalapeños worth of pepper , and then some sauce and cheese . it wa so underwhelming . i wish the food could match the quality of their beer . real bummer .
my husband and i were fan of the denver rock bottom when we lived in colorado , so we decided to have a date night at the pittsburgh location a few week ago.they were very crowded , but we got a reservation on opentable and were able to skip the line . we arrived a few minute early , but they were able to seat u when we got there . the beer is consistently good here -- i went with the fire chief red ale , and my husband tried both one of the cask strength beer and an ipa . i ordered the bacon chicken mac n ' cheese , and it wa a good a i remembered . my husband is steak wa overdone , but the server were very apologetic ( they offered to replace it , and ended up comping it ) and he said it wa seasoned well . for dessert , we split the mason jar bourbon pecan pie , and it wa delicious , with a really delicious ice cream on top.this location may not have quite lived up to our expectation from the original , but i will be happy to end up here again if i am in the area .
a group of eight of u came here because burgatory could not seat u ( big surprise there ) and none of u had been at this location before so we were willing to give it a shot . they were able to seat u , not at the same table but at two adjacent table . we were flexible and more than happy to take that.i had the bourbonzola burger . it wa not the best burger i had ever had , but it certainly wa not the worst . it satisfied the craving i had and that wa really all i expected.the reason i am giving this place a four star is the beer . i had the high-level ipa and it wa fantastic . rock bottom is know for it beer and they did not disappoint . everyone in our group that had beer wa impressed.do not go to rock bottom necessarily expecting the best food you have ever had and you will not be disappointed with the experience . what you can do though is go expecting some pretty damn good beer . do that and you will not be disappointed .
food wa very good and reasonably priced . had great draft choice . i would recommend going early especially on the weekend or sit in the bar area . very crowded and noisy
i have been coming to rock bottom for many year and am a loyal member of their `` mug club '' , which , if you come more than once , you should sign up for because membership come with a few nice perks.rock bottom brew some of their own beer with a nice variety of amber , red , and ipas . typically when i am here i like to sit at the bar or in one of the high top near the bar where you can seat yourself . if weather permit they also have a nice sized patio where you can also dine.usually i am here to share appetizer and my go to is the ballpark soft pretzel with the cheese dip . they also serve some pretty good nacho . when ordering from the menu i have found the grilled chicken bbq sandwich to be a huge hit . this is one delicious sandwich . price are reasonable , service is typically good , and the beer is flowing . nice option when in the waterfront area .
if you want rock bottom food , head to rock bottom . slow service , horrible , horrible food . wa served freezing cold enchilada and pizza . the enchilada were supposed to be chicken and had two tiny strip of chicken and i am talking minuscule . rice wa still cold when it wa served a second time a half hour later . manager apologized and waitress offered u something while we waited for our food for the second time . i do not know whose fault it wa , but there are clearly some problem in house . i will take the blame for ordering chicken enchilada at a brewery but wow , they were so horrid !
i am not someone that is mechanically inclined , so i can not say for sure that the deal i got wa a good one . but that said alan and the crew at master muffler certainly appears to have done a great job fixing my car to a degree better than i expected and at a price much lower than i wa expecting . and with a great warranty on their work i feel comfortable knowing that if there is a problem i will be covered . i would absolutely recommend them to all my friend .
i have a little bit of mechanical knowledge , but not enough to land me a job a a mechanic . i try to do a good bit of my own work to save on the repair bill and to avoid unscrupulous mechanic . i called a handful of shop to get a quote to replace an exhaust manifold gasket and bolt on my 05 grand cherokee . alan ( owner ) quoted me $ 250 per side ( i have the 5.7 v8 , so there are 2 side ) to fix it . sure enough , it wa $ 250 out the door . alan is a great guy that know his stuff . if it doe not need to be fixed , he will tell you it doe not need to be fixed . but , if it doe need to be fixed , it really doe need fixing . he even checked on a couple of other thing and made some recommendation for other specialty shop for project i plan on doing on this jeep , which he did not have to do . i chose to give master a shot after my normal go-to shop in monroeville did not return my call seeking a quote for the exhaust manifold . some of the review on google for master are unfair , with the chief complaint being a misunderstanding of personality . if you want to question what the mechanic tell you need to be done , fine . just make sure you know what you are talking about . if you have zero mechanical knowledge , do not tell the mechanic how to do their job . alan will not blow smoke up your dress and hold your hand . if you want your car fixed , take it to master . thanks again , alan , for giving me the opportunity to boast on the jeep forum about only paying $ 250 for a repair that many have shelled out $ 1k+ to fix ! you are my new go-to shop for our vehicle . ( if you are curious a to their hour , i wa there a little after 7am . they are first come , first serve . ) do not be an idiot and expect your car to be fixed 5 minute after pulling into the lot . oh , and do not park in front of the garage door like a tool !
terrible customer service , disrespectful in fact . i towed my vehicle to master muffler in the evening . the owner called me at 645 am the next day and gave me attitude for leaving it in his parking lot . he told me he would not work on the vehicle and that i had to pick it back up by the end of the day . i said this wa a secondary vehicle and i asked if he could be fixed at his earliest convenience , he said `` it doe not work like that '' . never going back again and i would advise against master muffler to all others .
good club for a good laugh . high food price ( most comedy club are ) , 2 item min . the food wa le than stellar . i wouldve enjoyed burger king more . service wa decent , i believe the waiters/waitresses could hustle a little more or the club should hire more waiters/waitresses . i get grouchy when my glass is sitting empty for more than 2 min .
they have good act coming around here , and often give out free ticket , particularly ine summer . i have never actually paid full price for a ticket here . the two-item minimum is bit bothersome to me though ... i do not mind the requirement so much , but the quality is not good and the price are high . our four item total came to about $ 30 ( two appetizer and two beer ) and the apps were really nothing to write home about and the server are not even very friendly . also beware ... they have a lot of rule here . they will not seat till the whole party is there ; if you get dinner reservation everyone in the party ha to order dinner , automatic gratuity added to the check , etc . etc.the `` box office '' is also weird ... you get your ticket at this window complete with microphone and slide-under slot ... then you walk into the club and the box office is completely open and the worker are just sitting right there , so i do not get the whole hoopla with the window.all in all though , the seat are comfy enough , the atmosphere is pretty nice , and the act are good .
i always enjoy a good comedy club and though i am a loyal helium fan , i got ta give prop to the improv near pittsburgh . they chose a great location , with surrounding restaurant of all genre and fun bar and shopping . we bought ticket to see a comedian i had never heard of ( he wa decent ) for $ 25 each with a two item purchase minimum . i really dislike that rule but you can not really get around it . the only thing i did not like , aka hated , wa having to wait in line outside before the show started . it wa freeeeezing ! they should put heater outside . seriously .
came here to see charlie murphy . parking wa nightmare . i would expect nothing le on a saturday night.the 15 minute wait to get inside wa torture . they need to implement a system where if you purchased ticket in advance you do not have to wait outside . once inside you we were seated pretty quickly.seating is first come first serve.the server wa pretty quick to take our order . i misread the menu description and did not realize my bbq sandwich came with cheese . i do not eat cheese , and had send my order back . the waiter wa gracious and returned with my modified order in about 15 minute . i have never heard of throwing cheese pulled pork sandwich , maybe it is a northern thing . we got our check quickly , and without issue .
i am huge snl fan , so naturally if someone who is been in the cast is touring , i will come here to see them . some have been really great ... jim breuer . some have been ( surprisingly ) very bad ... .tracy morgan . but it is always been a pleasant experience at the venue . there is not a bad seat in the house and it is small enough that you get to see and hear everything from the stage . beware if you sit in the very front , you know what is going to happen ! a couple downside ... . waiting outside in a line in the dead of winter . the lobby is so small you are forced to wait outside until the first show start or the first show let is out . and if you want a good seat , you may be waiting in line for a while . burr ! the two drink minimum . i kinda get why they do it , to make money , of course . but this mean they jack up the price of watered down drink . better to stick with beer and wine at these place . no frou frou drink for me ! also , a to be expected , the food is not that great . in a perfect foodie world , place that served food would make it fantastic ! since that is not going to happen , you just go into those place hoping for the best . i have never had anything great here . nacho platter too many re fried bean , to little nacho is ... .annnnnd i am out ! so what did we learn here ? good venue , stick to beer and wine and eat at a better restaurant beforehand . the talent is really what you are there for so , enjoy the show !
i have been here twice now , and like the others you really only come to improve comedy club for the show . very reasonably priced for show though they have the two item minimum so would suggest they all be drinks.the food leaf little to be desired . we decided for the sake of time to grab dinner at the venue since the show started at 7 . having a free appetizer coupon we ordered the spinach and artichoke dip along with the sauteed grilled chicken . spinach and artichoke dip wa good though cheesy rich along with cheese sprinkled on top of the chip . sauteed grilled chicken - hmmm ... . i think the chicken wa frozen - definitely not fresh - and the guacamole wa artificial with a glop of cheese . it looked like a mess with big ole pile of fry . a lot of food for $ 10 . service ha always been pleasant though they do automatically tack on the tip for you at 18 % .
there is nothing like a saturday night filled with some good laugh , a few chuckle and a couple of good guffaw thrown in for good measure . that is exactly what we enjoyed on saturday night ! we hit the comedy club for an evening of tammy pescatelli - the hubby and i have enjoyed her routine on tv and on the occasional dve morning show.. she did not fail to give u a good evening of laugh ! the big surprise , wa gene collier - yep , of the post-gazette sport writer fame - a the opener . what a great opening act ! he cracked wise about the peril of being 58 and a baby boomer . we could relate ! the sightlines were lacking . there wa a rather large woman at the table in front of u with massive pittsburgh big hair . all night long my own head bobbed from side to side a i attempted to actually watch the show , and not just listen to it , a she reached repeatedly and unceasingly for her tableful of snack . with a 2 drink minimum , my first drink wa weak and the 2nd wa quite strong ! all in all , the two balanced each other out . but then , you do not go for the drink , do you ? an enjoyable evening !
tom green wa appearing here on jan 22 , 2012 . he wa hilarious . the improv is an excellent comedy club , in past show i have seen jim krenn , margaret cho , billy elmer , and so many more i forget . much like live from the improv on tv , the brick back drop make it feel like the nyc improv . hint : eat elsewhere , the food is not so great , have an appetizer until you get to another restaurant , most comedian head over to the rock bottom after to imbibe . dave attell is a regular at both place . two drink minimum , drink them slow and go elsewhere after the show .
decent , clean ( a far a i could sense in the dim ) ... about on par for what you will expect for a higher-end comedy club . that includes the $ 10/drink , two-drink minimum , automatic 18 % gratuity , and the comic spouting out the obligatory , `` do not forget to tip your waitress . `` trying to judge the place on it own merit and not on the entertainment value of the comic . ( if the latter , since we were here for frank caliendo , i will have given the place the full 5 star if only for him alone ! ) total cash bled out of my pocket brought it down from what could have been a 4-star experience for u . $ 80 for ticket online included $ 10 `` service fee '' and tax ( we had to : this wa a sold out show ) . add $ 25 for drink , gratuity , and more tax . we are talking 3-digits of $ $ $ for le than 2 hour of entertainment squeezed in between other patron and glass-wielding server while you sit on rickety chair . that is what a headliner act will cost ya ! will you see u here again ? probably ... but cost make it unlikely to be a weekly thing for u .
you know that place where you have never gone , then you go , then you are going all the time ? well the improv for me is one of these places.i am thankful to have a venue to see some of my favorite comedian . most recently i saw hannibal burris , tommy johnigan and doug benson . all three performance were a hooting good time . on saturday afternoon at 2:20pm i went to see doug benson i wa accompanied by my boyfriend . you may know doug benson from the hit documentary `` super high me . `` ok so : pro wonderfully talented comedian clean bathroom pretty wait staff ha coors light on tap ( 5.75 per draft ) every seat in the house is a good seat con : expensive drinksexpensive food flavorless food dirty silverware far from my house mayo with french fry any way , i have enjoyed all my visit to the waterfront . i can certainly see myself seeing more show at the improve . the club is well maintained and the wait staff is friendly . bring a lot of money with you , you are going to need it . i do not know if it is true everywhere but at this improve there is are 2 item person , minimum order requirement . they served u warm mayo with our fry , what is this holland ! ! ! that sh*t wa gross . it wa both gross and also unusual.anyhow to catch a comedy show at the improve is a pleasure .
the place doe what it doe best - comedy . the food , however . blah.first off , if you go to a show , please note there is a two item per person minimum . this mean that from their extensive menu of overpriced bar food and drink , you are required to choose two item each . second , the soda are not free refill ! i learned that one the hard way . get water . third , before tipping your server , please make sure she ha not already taken her cut out . even after paying for two very bland , overpriced meal and way too many diet coke , i thought that my bill wa rather high . upon further inspection , i noticed that my server had taken an 18 % gratuity . the menu explicitly say that an automatic gratuity will be taken out for party of six or more , but there wa only two of u and we were not even drunk . i found this tactic awfully presumptuous and left her tip at the 18 % even though i typically tip well over 20 % . overall , i do not like the idea of being required to purchase food just to see a comedy show . i can see why they do it , but if i were required to buy a crappy popcorn and overpriced pop every time i went to the movie , i would be far le inclined to go a i am not inclined to go to the improv again .
the pittsburgh improv is unfortunately another great idea hamstrung by the detail of mediocre execution ( some specific example at the end ) .the setup is nice , a delightful -- if a bit sterile -- reproduction of what you will think a comedy club should like if you watch enough tv . the interior is clean ; the seat are comfortable ; and it is an ok atmosphere to see a show and laugh.it is too small , however , to attract many of the best act , which limit it ability to ever become the central hub for pittsburgh comedy . most of the big name that have recently come through pittsburgh -- jim gaffigan , louis ck , second city -- all perform elsewhere ( though they managed to get bob saget , to their credit ) .but the biggest problem is the food and drink . they are very up front about their mandatory two item minimum , but the forced service requires that you spend extra money and get interrupted by waitstaff at least several time during the show . the price are well above what i will consider reasonable given the quality , and i will begrudgingly -- or even happily -- just shrug off the cost the same way i would a stadium concession stand markup ... but the food is bad . you are forced to either ( a ) buy extremely overpriced drink ( 3.50 for a soda , for example , with no refill -- or ten dollar for one with refill ) , or ( b ) buy moderately overpriced food which you would not want in the first place . i thought the ten dollar chicken sandwich looked reasonable , until a few bite in i decided i will rather just throw away the money than keep eating it.still , i think this place ha a lot of potential ; the core idea is very workable ; and they do attract some really good comedian . two star for now , with high hope for improvements.a few specific drawback which could be very easily fixed:1 - a lot of the drink did not have price on them . i know this is not uncommon , but at a venue where every question you ask interrupt not only your own show-viewing experience a well a the experience of your neighbor , it is an incredibly poor decision here . make everything on the menu exceptionally clear . it is not that hard.2 - put the drink price on the website too . an improv representative ha personally responded to many of these yelp review , and she once said `` our menu and pricing are listed on our website , which make for easy planning ! '' i am calling shenanigan . not all the price are on the website , which make for difficult planning.3 - reminding me to tip my server during the show and adding an automatic gratuity to the check make me feel like you are trying to trick me . it is kind of an unprofessional way to say goodbye to one is customers.4 - since the $ 3.50 soft drink do not come with free refill , the server should not ask `` would you like a refill on that ? '' or anything of the sort . they should ask `` would you like another one ? '' instead . they should also respond to request for refill by saying `` we do not offer refill , but i will be happy to get you another one . '' just because there is a 10 dollar refillable soda option on the menu doe not mean people all figure it out . most patron do not even bother reading the beverage section of the menu if all they want is a standard beverage offered almost everywhere ( like a cola or diet cola ) , and the reading difficulty imposed by the darkness make them even le likely to browse the offering .
i love the improv . i think it a great way to start or spend a night ! nothing like a laughter filled night . i think it great that we get so many great comedian coming our way ( owen benjamin , pablo francisco super funny tammy pescatelli not so much . ) thing you should be aware of : the staff is really strict on the 2 drink minimum so be prepared to spend money on the pricey food and drink . i kinda wish their menu wa a little bit more extensive . their service is spottythe wait staff is a little iffy . i have been here many time and sometimes i get an attentive waitress and sometimes not . most recently our waitress wa rude , did not bother with pleasantry and barely took notice of u . also beware of the fact they automatically add gratuity . if our waitress wa nice i would be more than glad to add to it but this time i wa like no way ! p.s . when i used my groupon i did not have any trouble
my husband and i went to do something fun . the comedy wa great ! the food , however , is mediocre at best . in addition , we were seated in the last row , and 10 minute into the headliner they sat someone else at our table , so that they were in front of u . i could not see a thing . when we received our check , they had added an 18 % gratuity without permission or notification . i will not be returning anytime soon .
who doe not love to laugh ? the improv is a great place to go for a good show a few time a year . the venue is clean . the comedian are good , for the price , and many time you get a steal and can see a great comedian for a low price ( i.e.tommy johnagin ) . however , be advised , if you attend more than one show every couple of month , you will see some of the same opening act repeated . this is my biggest gripe with the improv . i have been to the improv about 3 time over the past 4 month and have seen the same opening act a few time . i think they cycle through the same 4-5 comedian . are there not more talented comedian in pittsburgh ? a noted in other review , another area of improvement is the drink and food . i always attend the late showing so that i can eat elsewhere . the food is mediocre bar food at best . nothing more need to be said about that . i definitely do not mind the two drink minimum . i have been known to consume more than two drink in one setting but , the drink are insanely overpriced . $ 5 for a miller lite , $ 4 for a snapple , $ 10 for a fountain drink with refill . you are better off having your two drink during the show and going over the sing sing after for a draft . . or four . in addition , since they started offering a large groupon discount , the improv ha been packed . be aware that if you only have two people in your party , they may seat stranger at your table who are 6 foot tall and block your view .
we came to the improv for the first time on friday night for my wife is work holiday party . we arrived early for dinner and drink from a predetermined menu . dinner started with a salad of clearly bagged , almost brown iceberg lettuce , with some crouton and frozen-then-thawed looking tomato that were pinkish at best . i took a few bite of this unappetizing poor excuse for a salad , and i can tell you it wa downright tragic . dinner arrived and since there wa not any vegetarian option on this predetermined menu , we received a dish that wa supposed to contain meat with the meat omitted . it wa a huge pile of spaghetti in a bowl . it looked sloppy and tasted worse than it looked . the pasta wa overcooked , and the tomato sauce wa just watered down puréed canned tomato . i saw trace of onion in my dish but did not taste them at all . i wa so hungry that i salted the heck out of this abomination and took a few bite . yuck . i did not make a dent in this crapfest . for dessert we were given a choice of chocolate cake , which my wife ordered , and cheesecake , which i ordered . the chocolate cake had freezer burn . inexcusable ! it wa not edible . the cheesecake wa only a hair better , but it had obviously come out of the freezer a well . i know people are not coming here for the food , but if you are forcing them to order thing off of your menu to fulfill some outdated requirement ( two drink/two menu item minimum ) then at least make some halfway decent food . it doe not even have to be memorable ... just not offensive . which it wa ! ! had i paid for any of this i would have made a huge stink , but i tried to be polite and push my food around and make small talk . the comedian were good . the venue wa nice-ish and we got to sit in the front because we arrived early for our `` event '' . not always the best thing in a comedy club ( we only got picked on a little bit ) . but damn , i wa hungry ! i found myself fantasizing about all of the crappy waterfront restaurant and how i will rather be there ... how i will rather be heating up a discount microwave dinner ... how i will rather have a giant bowl of captain crunch ... how i will rather go back in time and eat spaghetti from my high school cafeteria ... what a dreadful dining experience.my car wa also violated in the parking lot . i had an adorable german license plate on the front of my adorable german car which wa stolen while i wa eating hideous food , which wa just the slap in the face i wanted when finally retreating to my car . i feel sick in so many different way about this experience a a whole.the improv should consider outsourcing the food prep to a catering company . i truly believe that is the only thing that can save this place . do yourself a favor and eat beforehand , and just order a beer . well , two i guess . other diner at our table complained about the quality of the cocktail so i will steer clear of those . unless there is a can not miss type of comedian here , i can not ever picture going back to the improv . i will give the comedian 4 star , and the food zero star .
spent new year eve at the comedy club to bring the new year.i am new but it wa a good time . we had unlimited champagne , fruit and cheese . the comedy wa good.the service wa great.the atmposhere wa okay but it wa a comedy clud : - ) . you should check it out - comedy club bring a little spice to the city : - ) enjoy !
this wa my second visit to the club and it wa still a blast . my girlfriend bought ticket for john witherspoon for my bachelorette . we were all looking forward to it and it wa hilarious ! he wa wonderful . the server were fantastic . they always came back to check in on u and make sure we had plenty to eat and drink . i suggest the pink cadillac for a drink a well a the cheese cake and chocolate cake for dessert . the only reason it is not 5 star is because they had u wait an hour past the time we were to enter the building . we were to see the 9pm showing so the door were to open at 8:45pm . they came out and explained that the show had run over and we would not be able to even enter the building until 9:20pm . it wa 28 degree outside . we finally were able to enter the building , order drink then the show finally started at 9:45pm . the host did offer a blanket apology which wa nice but hardly made up for the fact the show started almost an hour late .
i have been here twice in the last month . it is a pretty great time . my first visit , the service wa pretty poor and the food wa cold by the time it got to the table . we had to sit all the way in the back and the comedian wa not that good ( although that is no fault of the club ) . but when i went to the second show , the service wa much improved . the burger i ordered wa fantastic and warm . our waitress kept the drink coming without interrupting u while the comedian wa on stage . we were also able to sit in the front this time and it wa a great experience . i will be going back soon !
good ! i can not comment on the food or the bathroom , but from what experienced it wa great ! the drink were decent , and i believe you must order two item at minimum . the staff is quick , but they should have more people working on a saturday night . before you can ask for anything else they bolt to the next table or to the kitchen.the comic we saw were funny a well . will definitely go back !
i love that we have a great comedy club in pittsburgh with a great location at the waterfront . perfect for a date night and i recommend going to a later show and grabbing dinner beforehand . i received an online coupon code for $ 5 ticket for john heffron . what a deal-def . check for deal before you pay full price for any show here . we went early to pick up the ticket at the ticket office . people were lined up outside about an hour before the show and it wa freezing out . i had no interest in doing this so we grabbed a beer across the street at rock bottom . once they opened the door ( 15 minute before show time ) the line went quickly and even though we were at the end we still got seated at a table in the back . it is not huge inside so there are not really any bad seat . they usually have an mc for the night who start warming up the crowd . this guy wa funny and so wa the opening act before john heffron . my only complaint about this place is that they have a two drink minimum and the price are outrageous . $ 9.50 for a mixed well drink and $ 7 for draft beer . the soda wa $ 3.50 ! yikes ! at least we did not pay full price for the ticket .
i wa so excited when my husband gave me ticket to go here to see funny man bill crawford , part of the dve morning show for those of you who never heard of him . that is funny because a i wa telling people about going it became clear there are a lot of people that have not ... oh well ... let me mention this wa my first time there.so i wa warned in advance of the possible long wait outside and the two item minimum . well to my pleasant surprise there wa no wait , walked right in , greeted , an usher showed u to our seat and we waited le than 5 minute to be asked for our order . this wa nice . i will say that the show started at 8pm , and we were there by 7:20 or so . there were already people seated so we were by no mean very early , and heck there were people with full course meal and table of 10 . the price of the mixed drink were not disclosed on the menu , leading me to believe that it may leave me short for the mortgage next month , but they did have a 60 minute dogfish head ipa for $ 6.00 . now that may seem rather expensive and it is , but doable so i indeed did it ... my husband got a domestic and it wa between 4-5 buck . we opted not to eat there , a we were going to rock bottom after ward and i will get to that review later ... so the show wa good . there were moment that i think the comedian may have went off track and were just bantering , but luckily enough they rebound and got back to making everyone laugh instead of being uncomfortable . there were a total of 4 comedian , the mc , and two opening act for crawford . i actually really enjoyed them . the one or two thing i did not like about the place . the bathroom are in the lobby . a this seems normal there is no separate area to enter back into the room without having to make your way through people who are waiting to be seated ... this was/is stupid . i wa actually nervous that they were going to stop me and ask for my ticket which they safely secured at my first entrance . the same also go for smoking . since we were so early i took a break and it wa again awkward reentering . maybe they need to have some type of system to get around this . a stamped hand ? a ticket stub ? not sure but i know i would have felt better unlike feeling like i wa sneaking into the place . i would definitely return to the improv . i just hope i always have a rather positive experience !
it is not often that my wife and i get to go out , but we had ticket to see the wonderful lisa landry and figured since we were going to the improv , we may a well eat there too . i should have gotten on here and read the review before making that decision . we had what seems to be a typical experience at the improv . we were handed a paper menu with 4 item on it when we walked in the door . there wa no other menu at the table and our waitress did not offer u one either . she wanted our order , but a we were looking around the place , we realized that most of those around u were eating item that not on the menu provided to u . when asked about another menu , our waitress told u if we give her our drink order , she will see what she can do . the table next to u handed over their menu so we had something to work with . our drink came , we finally put our order in ... and that wa the last time we saw our waitress for almost a full 30 minute . when she finally came back , all she wanted wa to know if we wanted a 2nd round of drink . after 30 minute i wa finally going to get a second beer ! `` what about our food ? `` , we asked . `` oh '' , wa her answer . now , according to the menu , dinner came with a side salad , a complimentary glass of champagne , and a chocolate mousse dessert . that is all good and fine . after a couple of minute , someone , not our waitress , finally brought out our meal . when we asked him about our salad , his reply wa `` do you want me to take your food back ? `` . really ? ! ? ! `` do you want me to take your food back ? '' after almost 45 minute at this point , we had received 1 round of drink and had seen our waitress only twice and had just received our food . no , i do not want you to take our food back ! halfway through eating our meal , which were by this time cold , our waitress finally came back with our second beer . she asked u how everything wa . we asked about our salad . she said she wa told we did not want them . really ? ! ? ! is this a joke ? is it somehow part of the comedy routine that wa going on ? sadly , no . the service did not get any better . the food wa lousy . thankfully the standup wa great . lisa , lisa and matt all put on a hilarious show . will i ever go back ? do not know . it took u an hour and a half to drive the 16 mile to get there , thanks to traffic . i do know that if we do it again , we will leave the house much earlier and eat somewhere else . the two drink minimum work at the improv because you will not get your waitress to your table more than that to order more drink . in case you are interested , i am a chef who ha been in the service industry for more than 30 year and worked every position possible in restaurant and bar . so , yes , i do have a preconceived notion a to how service and food should be . even on valentine is day .
my husband and i love going to comedy show and have seen some pretty good act at the improv . ticket price are not bad either . i am very particular about where i sit , and the person who seat you is willing to let you sit where you choose , especially if it is on a thursday or sunday night , since those are not particularly busy nights.i did have one bad experience , which is why i am giving this review 3 star instead of 4 ( it only take one poor experience , people ! ) . my husband and i went to see one of our favorite comedian on a thursday night . there is a two-item minimum , so we decided we would just eat dinner at the show . well , we were mistaken . first of all , our waitress wa rude and slow . after sitting there for 5 or 6 minute without service she finally come over and asks what we want . we both order a drink and food , to which she tell u that the kitchen caught on fire earlier that day so all they have are salad and dessert . i wa annoyed that she even asked what we wanted instead of starting out with this important fact.at any rate , i order a caesar salad and a beer . it come out and it is iceburg lettuce with shredded cheese , tomato , and other veggie . in other word , a regular salad . i inform the waitress of this and she seemed totally confused . i suppose she did not understand the difference , which wa odd . overall , i felt that there wa no apology for the fact we could not eat , let alone everyone else in the place . salad or dessert are not the greatest choice when you are expecting to eat dinner at the show . i think the improv should have waived the two-item minimum on this occasion , even if it cost them money . afterwards , i emailed the improv with my concern . never . heard . back.that being said , i will most likely return to the improv ... .but not for the service . because it is a great place to see comedy show and is not that expensive . customer service is terrible .
i went here for the first time the other night and had a great time ! the comedian wa hilarious and it wa a great intimate setting for a fun night out with friend ! my only complaint wa that it wa a little pricey for the overall experience because not only do you need to buy a ticket , but every person need to buy 2 item of food/drink and the drink are not cheap ( around $ 10-12 ) . however , i would definitely go back sometime !
wast there last friday . seat right in front if the stage . the show wa good . the headliner , while a bit long , wa good . fantastic service from our waitress . will definitely go back .
if the improv chain did not bring in such amazing comedian , this place would be totally screwed . i always have fun watching the comedian , but i can not help but leave with such a bitter taste in my mouth from how much of a rip off this place is.first you buy the ticket , but if you buy online you have an outrageous service charge . the real kicker is having to buy a minimum of 2 item during the show , beer are $ 5 or $ 6 and the cheapest thing on the menu , i believe . cocktail are $ 11- $ 13 . i think glass of wine are around $ 8 . there is a pretty good selection of food option . the improv doe have a lot of great comedian who pas through ! even the opening act are generally great ! line up early if you want a great seat right in the front ! the point is , a night at the improv will be fun , but if you are not prepared for it , it can end up being a pretty unexpectedly and unreasonably expensive affair .
great night out . i do not know if christopher titus set the ticket price or the club did , but at $ 25 a ticket , we will be going back often . great line up of top name act coming to town . extremely nice staff . highly recommend .
absolutely loved it at the improv ! i saw sheryl underwood and she wa fantastic . it wa my first time being at the improv . after year of saying that i wanted to go , it really did meet my expectation ! the ambiance is inviting , with warm lighting and a good amount of seating for a smaller place . we were 8th in line so we had good choice of seating , though we were encouraged to fill the seat in the front by the stage first . the seating is layered in tier . each tier ha a long booth with table and chair for seating . it wa very comfortable , roomy and an interactive set up . the stage is close to the seating ( some table are right at the stage ) with little space between you and the comedian , which made it very interactive and fun . we arrived at the improv around 9:45 pm for a show that started at 10:30 pm , with door opening at 10:00 pm . we waited in line until the door opened at about 10:15-10:20 pm , so they were really behind schedule . the show started around 10:45 pm with two opening comedian before the main act . the show wa over around 1:00 am . the only negative were that the staff wa not very friendly and immediately told me that i have to buy a minimum of two item off of the menu . ( $ 30/ticket is not enough ? ) i wa not hungry and did not want to drink , so this wa a bit frustrating , especially because it wa not disclosed on the ticket or anywhere else . the server did not hold u to the 2 minimum purchase requirement and my friend and i got away getting 3 drink for the night . the food menu looked great and the price seemed reasonable , though if you want water you are looking at $ 5 for fiji or sparkling . it wa $ 8 for a glass of wine . $ 11 for bottomless soda , complete with a take home improv glass . the other thing that i did not like wa that an employee take your ticket while you are waiting in line and mark your hand with a dry erase marker . after one bathroom trip , the mark wa gone , so i think they need a more effective way to mark you a an already paid customer since the employee take your proof of purchase . these negative did not affect my overall experience negatively and i would most certainly go back ! it is a fun place where you are guaranteed to have a good time with a lot of laughter !
so ... we got here and seated by 635pm . order placed . drink served . now it is 752pm . one of my party ha still not received his chicken sandwich . i hadmy shrimp diablo . it wa a described . spicy and good ! ! ! but hour plus for a chicken sandwich is unacceptable . we also sent an order of chicken finger back ... dryer than sand . and my fiancés chicken caesar salad chicken wa a dry a the chicken finger . barely edible , in fact , she did not eat more than 3 piece of it . upgrade the food service and this place would be somewhat a lil better .
it is sad that this the only place locally to see national comedy act ( other than the big 'uns in the cultural district ) . i hate this place is m.o . the space itself is fine ... only a few blind spot , nice intimate venue . they bring decent act in , although they have a lot of repeat and need to bring in more new act . but the two item minimum just infuriates me . overpriced , shitty food and drink . we went to see lachlan patterson last night ( hilarious show , very nice guy , signed our cd and posed for photo with people ) . we dropped $ 40 on a chicken quesadilla , 6 hot wing , and 2 yuengling draft . the whole time i just sit there thinking about all the amazing place i could have eaten for $ 40 . burgatory is right down the street . hell , tgi friday is would have been better . i have been to other comedy place in other city and they often have minimum but everything is either a lot cheaper or a lot better quality . the improv is saving grace is that they often have free or very cheap ticket .
the food is why i give them three star . burger wa processed and 1/2 raw , loaded fry where some random cheese . comedy depends on who you see .
went to see bret ernst ( one of my fave comedian ) . ticket say seating begin at 9pm for the 9:30pm show . well , a line had formed outside because they had not opened the door . that is all well and good if it is summertime but it wa 4 degree . people stood out there upwards of 20 minute , freezing . they did not let people in because they claimed the room wa not ready . seating is first come , first served . whoever designed this place should be shot . there is no lobby to hold people before a show . the improv in cleveland is superb . that location ha a huge lobby and bar where you can mingle before the show and they have usher seat you . the pittsburgh improv is a disaster layout-wise . beverage service wa fine . it got really , really warm in the room and even the comedian wa sweating like a freak show . of course bret and bill crawford were a hilarious a ever but man , this improv , a a comedy venue , suck .
we have been to the improv comedy club twice now and both show were amazing ; even the opening act ! the only downfall is the two drink minimum , which i understand , but their price make it ridiculous . we stuck to beer because we knew it would not be watered down . our waitress wa horrible . we did not have an opportunity to order our second drink until the other waitress were bringing out check . if our waitress wa more attentive , the club could have made more money off of u . oh well . i would recommend eating at a restaurant before the show because the food menu is limited and overpriced . the only other thing i am not a fan of is the seating . we were fortunate enough to get there early and have the back of a booth . the last few people who arrived got the turned around seat in front of u . i feel that the club should invest in long , thin table like bar have so everyone ha a surface to put their food or drink . overall , we love the comedian so we will definitely be back .
nice little venue for quality fun . i saw greg warren here last night and had a really good time . check out yippit.com or sign up for goldstar.com before buying ticket at full price . you can usually find substantial discount for show on one of those two site . sure there is a two drink minimum but i am thinking that it help pay for the comic and help keep the price of admission down . when you think about it , it is really a win-win .
roxy wa very funny . would definitely come back to see her !
positive : they regularly bring in national act . i have seen many of my favorite comic here . also , you get an opportunity to briefly meet the entertainer on your way out.negatives : drink price are high , and food quality in respect to the price is disproportional . entertainer-wise , there is a local comic who open up for many of the main attraction . i have seen him open up no le than four time over a span of 3 year , and his act is exactly the same every time . i have it almost memorized.continue doing the thing you do well , and try to improve the thing that almost everyone on yelp complains about , and you will be looking at 5 star from most . no one want to come to the improv to get `` straint up '' ( see what i did there , improv ? )
i love a good night of comedy . but recently i have gone to a couple and they were not all that funny one wa a special event too . i would recommend eating at another restaurant price seem to be a little over priced .
i went to the improv tonight with my husband and some friend and saw theo von . so funny . we had a great time . waitress wa friendly and very helpful without being intrusive during the show at all . pretty few option for food , and when you are with 2 people who do not drink and there is a 2-drink minimum , or 2-item minimum , the minimal food option are kind of a bummer . but it wa still a great time .
quality of the show and comedian = 5 star . i saw ian bagg and he tore down the house . just the opening 3 minute of his act had me dying . i wa involved in bringing all the big name comedy act to ohio state a a student and i have to say i wa really surprised at how good ian is improv wa . so there is no complaint here . quality of groupon is value = 1 star . so i still had to pay for ticket . yep at $ 20 for 2 people . not bad but the 2 item minimum is zero bang for your buck . the menu online is incorrect and the actual price are even higher than a $ 8 slice of frozen cake and $ 11 for a plate of 8 chicken nugget . holy moly , it is like cheap pub food at high end bistro price . then you have to tip on top of that $ 50 bill ( plus the $ 20 for ticket ! ) for two people and a crappy meal ? wow . i get that the place is trying to gouge money out of you for a good show . well ... try this -- charge $ 25 per person for the ticket and have the menu be optional . this way , you can guarantee high ticket sale but also get the people who will drink and eat there regardless . portion are reasonable , i suppose . i got the blt meal and chocolate chip cheesecake . left me very full but you best believe the only reason i ate there wa because i needed to hit that 2-item min . seating wa pretty cramped because you will have to sit with stranger . i went to the 7pm show which wa great because you can be seated early and just eat while you wait for the show to start . i saw this longass line when i left that i assumed to be the 9:30pm show with everyone waiting outside in the cold . seems like a crappy setup for the later show ! service wa haphazard . some of the waitress seemed pretty attentive and quick but mine wa particularly slow . he wa not rude but twice i had to ask the other waitress for sauce and a water refill . we got up to get napkin ourselves . i would wave to catch his attention and he would hurry off the opposite direction . ugh . please , groupon , there need to be reform on this pricing structure . come out with a new deal of paying full price for the ticket and then waiving the 2-item minimum !
went there for a comedy open mic competition . a friend of mine wa performing -- he wa excellent and won his competition . the club itself is pretty nice -- great layout and the staff were all nice . i did not drink so can not comment on the quality of food or drink , but everything looked good and the wait staff seemed attentive enough . located in homestead in waterfront area . not a cool a if it were in the city , but still pretty good .
came here for a show last week with my family and had a good time . our opening act were not the best , but the headliner brought some good laugh from the crowd . when we arrived the man taking ticket wa very friendly and okay with the fact that 2 member of our party were not with u . we just told him what they looked like and he let u go through anyway . what happened inside next wa what i thought would lead to bad review . we were a party of 5 and they have mostly 4 person table and then long booth bench with cocktail table in front of them . our host tried to seat u at a 4 person table with a 5th chair on he end only to have a very rude waitress come up and say we could not do this . our host then said `` she is your waitress and youdo not want to make her mad already '' . they then tried to seat u in between party on the booth bench against the back wall which with large men in our party that wa not okay . we decided to move to an end table and try again with a 5th chair and the waitress in this area wa fine with it and extremely friendly . she saved the review ! the drink were fine , the wine list in not great but for comedy club drink it wa expected . kudos to our waitress for being accommodating and pleasant , just wish they were all .
went for the first time last night and despite some of the iffy review , we had a great time . all of the staff wa friendly , from the host at the front to the other staff and the wait staff wa attentive ( but we did not get food , so i can not speak for how quickly ordering and getting food would be ) . price for drink are a bit much , for 4 small draft our check came out to about $ 50 , but i did snag ticket on goldstar for $ 10 a piece so i feel like it probably balanced out and the 3 comedian were great so i will not complain . i will say the food did not really look all that great in comparison to the price , but i can not speak for how it taste . overall , it is a fun place , no issue , i will go again .
the waterfront at homestead is insane , and save me the trip of driving all the way to ross park mall . anyway , the giant eagle here is enormous , a you will imagine . it is still a standard giant eagle , aka the best grocery store ever .
this is the best giant eagle in the area and is the most like grocery store in bay area . here is why:1 . they sell beer ! 2 . huuuuuge produce selection3 . natural/organic food section : cereal , pasta , soup , etc and fancy chocolate bars4 . long isle of ethnic food includes mexican , indian , italian , asian and , of course , jewish5 . functioning bakery with fresh , appetizing bread and dessert ( i am still loyal to allegro hearth though ) the store is huge and i have not been to all of it yet but they also have nicer flower , balloon , home/seasonal section , dvd rental and a photo center a well a a drive-through pharmacy . it seems a this ge just might be the answer to my grocery store woe .
probably the most comprehensive supermarket in the county , if not all of southwestern pa. it selection is considerably larger than what you can find in most giant eagle , and it ha more upscale item . i live an easy walk from the swissvale giant eagle , but i often drive to this location for the superior selection .
nice giant eagle , not a nice a their new market district , but you can look at this giant eagle and see how they came up with the market district idea and rolled with it . fresh made sushi , good cheese selection , awesome bakery .
wahhhhh ! ! ! ! they are remodeling this one and it is frustrating ! i swear i do not mind change . i really don't~ i should have seen this coming . there were telltale sign of this happening . first , they switched the pharmacy to the other end of the store where the now defunct iggle video wa . that is a-ok with me , i did not use the pharmacy anyway . but then , then they moved the whole toiletry section over there . they put my spaghetti and `` ethnic food '' section ( by the way , i love that ethnic food includes spaghetti ) to where my tylenol wa . my kitty food is now where my spaghetti once wa . can you tell how exasperated i am getting ? ? did i mention i do not mind change ? but here is the thing , i really hate grocery shopping . it is kinda sorta my own fault because i must read every label to make sure i am not eating something with 25 gram of fat and 5000 calorie ( even though ice cream may go into my cart from time to time . ) so going to this giant eagle frequently wa nice because i knew were everything wa . now i do not ... .wahhh ! ok , i will stop cry . i know i will eventually be back . i am sure ( ? ? ) it will be an even better more magical grocery shopping experience once they are done . but i can not take it for right now . i will be forced to shop at the ghetto bird down in the southside until my former # 1 store is all shiny and new again .
i like this giant eagle.they have the organic section and they are currently ( feb 2011 ) in the process of remodeling too , which is both annoying ( now ) and exciting ( for the future ) .pros : always seems to be decent parking available ; they have those cute little double-tier cart ; organic section ; wine vending machine ( that is freaking awesome -- yay , pennsylvania ! ) ; lot of self-check-out lane ; con : sometimes the staff is a bit cranky ( but that can occur anywhere , i guess ) ;
a far a ge is go , this location is great . it ha basically everything you need and is well organized . you can find a lot of ethnic ingredient you can not get at other ge store . they also offer a wine kiosk , hot bar , salad bar , and bulk olive . i would venture to say this is better than the market district .
waterfront geagle is my primary market . now that they have expanded and reorganized , i rarely even have to set foot in target anymore . yippie ! there is a wine kiosk ( suck it pa liquor law ) , you can buy crazy expensive 6 pack , cheese market , bakery , salad and hot bar , butcher , florist , dry cleaner , international food , pharmacy , and a little cosmetics/beauty/bath area . they usually have a sufficient number of lane open , and it doe not get nearly a crowded a market district . i do wish a bulk spice selection wa included a part of the expansion , but you can not always get what you want , i suppose .
you are getting an extra star for two solid reason . one is because the remodel is over and the store is pretty again ( and a bit fancier ) . two , and thee most important part , this iggle ha the best quality and well made sushi out of any iggle is out there ! believe me , i have eaten many a rainbow roll from many different location around the burgh and nothing ha compared . dare i say , it is a close a you get to going to a good sushi restaurant . bold statement , right ? i just love me some sushi and want it often , quick and convenient and this serf all those purpose with upholding the quality . need a quick sushi fix ? this place is it !
this is easily one of the best giant eagle i have ever been to . huge . very nice selection . easily comparable to whole food . went to their cheese market , and wa pleasantly surprised with the selection . i got beemster vlaskas , an amazing gouda . very large parking lot .
this place ha amazing selection when it come to some thing and zero selection when it come to others . we popped in here a couple time over the weekend i spent in pit and both time they did not really have what we were looking for . visit # 1 : liquid smoke . visit # 2 : hawaiian roll . i know these item must exist in pa just not @ g-eagle . they did however have crazy selection when it came to thing like ... .corned beef brisket or anything that ha potato in it . my californian mind wa boggled by the variety of brand and cut of corned beef that were available . too bad that wa not what i wa there for .
oddly enough , of all the giant eagle i have visited in pittsburgh , this is the only location that carry the toothpaste that i have used for most of my life ( outside of pittsburgh ) . the location is clean and the staff are friendly . i sometimes resent having a market district being the closest giant eagle to my apartment , a many of the item that i buy there are severely overpriced . but whenever i run out of grocery and toothpaste at the same time , i take the hike down to waterfront to shop here , although they may not carry all the grocery that i will like .
this is a absolutely beautiful giant eagle . i only stopped in to grab a quick bite from the prepared food section , but i wa rather impressed by how clean it wa . it wa 9 oclock at night , and they still had a huge section of prepared food available . the starbucks inside wa closed , probably due to the fact it wa a sunday night , but that is another plus !
in the market for unsalted cashew ? how about oyster sauce ? ahhh , here is an easy one : bean sprout ? well if you are , keep a crystal ball and rabbit is foot handy if you are planning on shopping at this giant eagle because you will need both a soothsaying ability a well a a fair share of luck on your quest at this dive . for a store of this size , they are frequently out of stock on item a common a jalapeño pepper to specialty food item like flat rice noodle . maybe i am the only person in homestead buying these item ... wait that doe not make sense , they will be in stock if i were ! do yourself a favor and either go to the greenfield , regent square or kennywood giant eagle . all three store are much smaller but seem to stock rare item like unsalted ( or a of late sea salted ) xochitl tortilla chip and honey nut cheerio .
i am with rachel c. on this one . you get an extra star for being a pretty giant eagle and a cafe with a very decent beer selection of 6packs and individual bottle . even though the giant eagle in robinson is better in my opinion you , waterfront giant eagle , are not bad and pretty close to where i live .
i drive near this giant eagle on my daily commute , so i shop at this location approximately once/week . the location is pretty , and the beer selection is descent . they carry my favorite lambic , so i really can not complain ! they also have a very nice health and beauty section . overall , they usually have the product that i need.my only complaint would be wait time to check out . they never have enough cashier at peak hour . the store ha like 20 checkout lane , but generally only 5-8 open at a time . i always dread checking out , and whenever i see that checkout line look relatively clear , i hurry around the store and quickly gather the product that i plan to buy .
i found everything i needed and i liked the expansion , the antipasta bar is on point and they sale vanilla coke which made my hubby very happy . great store .
let me preface this by saying , i generally compare all grocery store to publix , maybe even kroger . that being said , the one thing giant eagle ( ge ) ha going for it is the quality and selection of item . there is no question that it ha everything you could want . that is where the praise end . let is just do this numerically ... 1 . price are outrageous . if you walk 100 yard over to the target next to it , you will find some of the same item for 30-40 % cheaper . a bag of gevalia coffee is $ 7.99 at ge , the same coffee at target is $ 4.99 . and it is not just coffee , and not just target . giant eagle ha little other grocer competition in pittsburgh . this being the case , if you are not near an aldi is , target or walmart , you have to go to ge for stuff . they are banking on this lack of competition . 2 . parking lot are thrashed every day , all the time . now , maybe you do not care . but when i go in the morning , they have been open maybe 30 minute and there are shopping cart littering the parking lot and the sidewalk in front of the building . they clearly do not bring them in at the end of the night . they also rarely have any small basket near the door , you will need to hunt for one . it is just laziness and a lack of care , on both account . they do not care about the appearance of the outside , nor the convenience for the customer . 3 . i do not normally mind the self-checkout , but only if i have a limited number of item . if i need a full grocery order , i am going to have to wait in line for one of the two cashier working the register , on a saturday . the lack of customer service in this regard is atrocious . i am already paying exorbitant price , but i also have to ring up and bag my cart full of grocery too ? walmart doe not even make you do that ! so that is about it . if you do not mind paying much higher than average grocery price , ringing and bagging your cart full of grocery and generally being an afterthought a a customer , than giant eagle in waterfront is awesome !
this review is specifically for the dfs cleaner at this giant eagle location . i dropped clothing off for the sake of convenience once ( i really should have known better ) . never again . my item came back completely covered in lint . i could let this slide , however my pencil skirt wa safety pinned to the hanger . the weight of the skirt caused even larger hole than what were placed there by the pin . being that it is a pencil skirt designed to have a blouse tucked in , there is no way that i can wear it again . this wa an expensive skirt , completely ruined . very disappointed . again , this review is just for the dry cleaner . the rest of the store is actually better than a lot of other ge is i have been to in pittsburgh . just do not take your dry cleaning here .
i have stopped by here a few time ( most recently tonight ) to pick up random grocery . this store is located next to one of the bike trail that i frequent , hence it convenience despite being fairly far from my apt.on the positive side , i appreciate the size of this store and the selection of product . in term of size , it is larger than the shadyside market district ( my normal grocery store , hence my standard of comparison ) , and i will say the product selection is very similar . unlike the md , when i have visited , the aisle have seemed fairly empty of customer , which may be due to the time of my visit ( usually between 7-8pm ) , a well a the size of the store . because it is not a market district , the price are a bit le expensive , which is nice.on the negative side , the checkout always seems to take forever due to slow customer and/or employee , despite that i have only purchased a couple of item at a time . the `` express '' lane move at the speed of molasses , and the self-checkouts are even worse . speaking of which , this store ha *way* too many self-checkout lane ( about a third of the lane ) , and the non-express one with the belt are unintuitive.prior to tonight , i would have awarded this store a rating of 4 or perhaps even 4.5 . however , checkout tonight wa even more of a pita than it usually is . none of the normal express checkout lane were staffed with cashier , despite that i saw at least one employee loafing around talking to another . so , i wa forced to use one of the many self-checkout lane . normally , i do not mind this , esp . when i am only purchasing a couple of item , but the empty self-checkout lane that i spotted wa one with a conveyor belt , and i could not figure out how to use it ( not that it mattered , since i had only one item , but the self-checkout lane must be operated using a very specific procedure -- see below ) . so , i moved over to one of the express self checkout lane ( similar to those in the shadyside md ) , which i knew how to operate . however , i still managed to bungle the process since i forgot to scan my one item *before* i put it on the scale that double a a bagging station , so i had to wait for one of the ever-so-slow employee to come over and key in an authorization code so i could pay.i am not sure if the self-checkout stand that ge us are standard in the industry , since i have never used them anywhere else , but i *hate* the whole weighing/bagging process . in order to use the self-checkout station , each item must be scanned and then placed on the scale , and if the weight is not correct for any reason ( including using your own bag ) , an employee is summoned to check it . i assume the intention is to prevent people from shoplifting , but ( 1 ) it is a major pita for both customer and employee ; ( 2 ) most of the employee ( including the one i dealt with tonight ) do not care , and just key the code without even looking at the error message explaining why they were summoned ; and ( 3 ) i doubt most shoplifter pay for any of the item they are pilfering -- they most likely just stuff them into their purse , clothes , etc . and walk out ! /rant3.5 star .
just about every you need.with great hour , a solid hot bar , sushi ( if you are into that ) , a dry cleaning service , pharmacy , ton of produce , bakery and butcher counter you can not go wrong . two thing that drive me crazy always needing to use my perk card for self check out and the lack of hand cart in the front . i always have to walk to a lane and hunt for a basket then double back , super annoying . that said it a small , and easily repairable ( hint ) issue that should not keep you from visiting .
i do not know why , but i just can not like this location very much . i lived in the area for a little over three year and would always go to another ge before this one . maybe it is the way it is set up or maybe it is the way that the lighting seems so very dim.the selection is typical for any ge , broad and expansive . some price are a bit steep . this location , like many others , ha expanded their pharmacy/health care area . which is nice , it save an extra trip to a drug store .
one of the best grocery store in the area . good produce , wide variety of cheese , good cut of meat and there is even a six pack shop on the premise .
year ago i would have given the big bird 2 star . what changed my mind ? competitive pricing . thanks , ge for making it worthwhile to shop your sale . while your no aldi , you definitely are winning on this front . this is my goto ge . always clean , organized and great selection . added beer a couple year ago and the deli , prepared food are up to par a well . always busy and parking never an issue .
this is a review of the pharmacy . after having them screw up a third time i felt that others should know that this is a pharmacy to avoid . the first time they misread a prescription and gave me the wrong dose of synthroid , about 1/10th of what i needed . i ended up so sick after 2 week of taking too little that i wa half dead before the problem wa caught . their response when i told them wa to say `` oops '' and `` it will not happen again '' . not even a sorry , and it never did happen again b/c i went to costco after that . this latest time wa classic . i came with a simple scrip . costco wa closed so i went to giant eagle . after 45 minute the finally inform me that they can not fill it b/c the scrip is not specific enough ( it wa for a common antibiotic , nothing complicated ) . they did not bother to call me earlier or tell me sooner , just made me wait and wait and wait until i pitched a fit to tell me that they could not fill it . it wa late and i went to rite aid in sq . hill with the same exact scrip and they had zero issue filling it quickly . wtf ? how can it be easy peasy at rite aid but giant eagle can not even muster the effort to tell me that they are too incompetent to fill it out ? i wonder if there is even a legit pharmacist working there at all . it seems like they are not even staffing the pharmacy with trained tech , just random people off of the street . do not waste your time , or risk your health . go to any other pharmacy in town , avoid giant eagle .
i luv store , plenty of cashier . my father eats there couple time a week . he is a senior citizen and he usually get free coffee because he is a veteran . last week he wa told they no longer doing that program . today he went to the edgewood giant eagle and they gave him free coffee .
this giant eagle is one of the only thing i miss about old house . the produce section and deli were great . also had an overall nice selection of everything .
this is a great supermarket ! all of the staple . great deli , market square and bakery . fresh produce and extra convenient to have vegetable and fruit cut and packaged . love the fact that i can shop , drop dry cleaning , and pick up pharmacy item in one stop . close to other shopping and wonderful restaurant .
i personally like this giant eagle . i dont think i have given any ge 4 star , so thats saying something . i should start by saying that i live in southside , so most ge is are equal or worse than that location . the waterworks location is decent in my book . they sell beer , they have a cute little cafe sitting area , they sell `` meal for 2 '' in their prepared food section , produce always seems great , cashier are friendly ect . the location seems pretty large . i also like how there are 2 entrance ( one at pharmacy . ) the parking lot is pretty large so it help having another entrance for cold or rainy day . i am at this location alot more than the southside ge since my gym is in the waterfront . it make it easier to get everything done in one plaza.i can not hate on this ge . it seems similar to a market district but i dont believe that it is ... ... yet .
one comfy seat in the entire place , but they have a cafe , they have good book to look at , and they are open until 11pm . what more could you want ? why an apple purse of course ! and a nice earl gray tea thrown in for good measure . wow ... i love this place . i am such a nerd ... only a nerd would enjoy going to a book store and reading a much a i do . the extra amenity just make it that much more enjoyable .
like any barnes & noble , it ha a nice comfy cafe , and a large selection of book . the staff is very friendly and helpful . they stock a decent selection , and the price are pretty reasonable . obviously it is hard for them to compete with amazon . however since all the small shop bookstore are gone , it is nice to walk into one every once in a while .
i still can not believe that pittsburgh ha no independent bookstore ! a a result of this i have ended up spending a fair bit of time at this barnes and noble location . a with all barnes and noble store it ha a cafe and a decent selection of popular title . i am a bit surprised at how smallish it is compared to other store in this chain . the bargain section seems to be perpetually picked through . the selection is ok in that it is well stocked but sometimes a bit disorganized from other customer pawing through the book , le popular title are a bit hard to find . the customer service here is pretty good.they could use more chair .
great barnes and noble location , and they have plenty of book that will help you pas the time .
barnes & noble , it is like the wal-mart of bookstore . beating down the competition of other now defunct national competitor and mom and pop type store alike . i am not quite sure whether i am in a cafe , at a newspaper stand , a book store , a cd shop , a movie house or a flea market sometimes . with all the table and shelf that you have to dodge it is a bit hard to figure it out . feel like the place should implode on itself and then reform into an audio book about coffee.i do not know about y'all , but i will rather buy my book from a place that ha more knowledge about the merchandise they are selling than a national chain like this .
such nice staff . i really lament the decline of the modern bookstore . i really enjoy browsing and picking up a new book . the store ha a great selection and the staff are always helpful and kind . i really hope this store stay here for some . the price are also fair and often have great discount .
i find this location , clean and well organized , but that is not the reason it is getting 5 star ! i called today to look into whether or not their may issue of magazine were out ( i need them for my job ) and erin so kindly went checked on every single magazine i asked about ! now that is customer service ! well done , well done !
i have to agree with matthew u on this one . i do enjoy barnes & noble but sometimes i get lost just trying to find a darn calendar . i went here after a dinner date with some neighbor and could not believe how packed it wa . we had to wait 10 minute just to find enough chair to seat 4 people . we ended up stealing them from other table . not to mention my hubby stood in line for 15 minute just to get an ice tea lemonade.so amidst all the book , newspaper and magazine they have an audio and video section . the price are not anything to rave about . i can buy the same movie online for a lot cheaper there is just the waiting period . i do shop here sometimes for there discount book . i found a lot of great recipe and mystery book for really cheap , like under $ 5 . that is a pretty good deal but considering there is a half priced book store who ha a great selection of book for literally half the price of retailer , how can you beat those price . b & n is more of a hangout spot with book in case you want to buy one right there and then . but everything is kind of confusing you always need to ask where something is . i will rather shop online for anything i really want . it is just not worth it to buy it wholesale .
this bookstore is absolutely packed full of stuff ! they have lot of book , a display of nook , dvd and cd , miscellaneous item like notebook and calendar , and a cafe . though a large assortment is nice , i feel like the space is very cramped . i have purchased a couple book from here - which were pretty easy to find - and have purchased food item from the cafe . the cafe is not very impressive . i have been pretty underwhelmed by all the food item that i have purchased here . i got a slice of quiche here last night when i only had 10 minute before a hair appointment at ulta across the street . not only did they take 5 minute to microwave it , but it also came out smelling burnt and burning hot . a little band wa singing and playing a variety of instrument while i wa here . i wa not very impressed until i realized that they were high school kid . i thought it a really nice that barnes & noble would let them perform in the store ... and a great way for b & n to get a lot of their family member in the store , too .
are b & n not allowed to have lounge area anymore ? i used to love studying and doing work in their comfy chair and sit there allllll day ... but i feel like within the last 4 year or so , i have not been in a single b & n that had such area anymore . i love book and have always felt that b & n can give you a good deal . but i am not a fan of this particular location because it is not that big . although , it is pretty clean ! the starbucks area they have is okay . the starbucks employee in these type of location are always not the best..but i do not go there for the coffee obviously . i do find it annoying that they do not take starbucks giftcards though - i believe they take b & n giftcards and you can also apply your b & n membership discount.also , their bathroom are pretty atrocious . if you can hold it , i would advise you to hold it.parking : the location is within a shopping area..so i would not say it ha it is own private lot per se , but it is an open lot and not actual 'street parking . '
i love book . i love to look at them , hold them , read the cover , thumb through the page , and then finally i love to dig into a juicy story . when i am in the area i love coming in here for a latte and book browsing/reading . most of the time i cave and buy a book.this store is clean and their employee are helpful and kind . they have two entrances/exits available , a fairly large section for movie & music , study guide , and other organized section like self-help and history . i personally love the variety of cook book there . one of the attractive point of this store is a cafe . i can come in , sit down , read a magazine or book and just chill . the downside is the chair are not super comfortable ( to me ) and the cafe is usually packed with people . i wish they had more seating option around the store.it is a convenient location to come in and kill some time like others have mentioned . there is a lot to find in there so come back and browse !
there is nothing like a book and no better place to find one than a book store . this barnes and noble carry on a long history of excellence . they always have an extensive selection and a friendly staff that is willing to find what ever book you are seeking .
it seems every time we go to waterfront we end up coming here every time . i like the store but it seems rather daunting in that it is so huge . pretty much every time we come here if we have not already hit up the starbucks in the middle of the walkable part of the waterfront where many of the retail store are we will go to this one which is not that far away.there is much more seating at this starbucks than the one in the middle a well a it just feel le cramped . the store ha not changed much , most of the special and clearance stuff is at the front while the alternative entrance at the back is where all the music and movie are . the store is pretty organized though by type whether it is child is , fiction , magazine , game and toy etc there is pretty much something for everybody . the nook section is pretty much right when you walk in through the main entrance . i do like this store however i wonder how long it will exist with everything like amazon and e-readers changing how people get their material these day .
went to barnes and noble waterfront with 3 book on my list . first one there were several book by the same name so they wanted the name of the author . went to look it up on my phone ... ..barnes and noble wifi had blocked me . wanted me to sign it and allow them access to my information ... .not . long story short they only had one of the 3 book i wa looking for and it wa $ 4 le on amazon ... .lost this customer .
their food is amazing . they have a deal that you can get a soup and salad for 6.95 ! also they have drink from starbucks and desert from the cheesecake factory . what i am eating right now is the tomato caprese which is delicious and their soup which is homemade chicken noodle soup which is awesome and the tiramisu cup which i never had before . you should try it if you are in the waterfront in homestead .
i stopped in here yesterday looking for something specific ... i wanted to find a book with lateral thinking puzzle or some type of mini mystery . you know , the kind where there is a short story ( 2 or 3 page ) with some type of problem or 'who-done-it ' to solve at the end . my bestie and i go to the pool a lot in the summer and i thought it would be something fun to sit and read while we were lounging out . i used to read them all of the time when i wa younger and thought it would be something different . and yes , i know i could check online but , hey , i wa already here.any-who ... .i go in and easily find the `` customer service '' area , which is located in the middle of the store . it is a round kiosk . one woman is being waited on by an employee . there are 5 other employee standing behind the kiosk , talking among themselves . one of the worker notice me and come over to help . i tell him what i am searching for and he quickly look it up on the computer . he take me to an area of puzzle , but they are crossword , sudoku , coloring book , etc . i tell him these are not what i am looking for . he said he might have something where the magazine are . he go off to check while i look around . he come back with some magazine , but it still is not what i am interested in . ( sorry c dub ) . i thank him and continue to browse on my own . pro : the place is clean and well organized . area are pretty well marked by genre , discount book , card , etc . the guy who assisted me wa friendly and tried to be a helpful a possible . con : they did not have what i wa looking for . also , it wa not very appropriate to see a bunch of staff standing around the middle of the store while there are a lot of customer around .
one of my favorite place to go in pittsburgh with friend . good place to chill , eat , drink and watch the game , and maybe some pool afterwards . the food is not bad , they have pretty good deal for those who are on a budget . `` dollar burger night '' where you build your own burger is fun , but the patty can be dry sometimes , so remember to get them sauced . iceberg wedge salad is a good salad to have , the wing arent a good a you would like , i had tried the spicy killer one and didnt even have to drink water . but overall it a nice place to go because it is cleaner than most bar you will go and it serf better food than other place a well .
nice venue , good food , great beer , awful service . staying at the sheraton here i have patronized bar louie a dozen time recently and they screw up the order in some fashion every single time , without exception .
i stopped here yesterday with rob and matt after golf to have a few drink prior to seeing `` the hangover '' at loews across the street . incidentally , `` the hangover '' is one of the funniest movie i have seen in year and worth the $ 10 to see it in the theater . okay , back to the restaurant the space itself is very nice . there are plenty of hightops , plasma and a few booth . it is spacious and they have outdoor seating and open window . we sat at the bar and were greeted relatively quickly by the bartender who wa tending a pretty much empty bar . i ordered a guinness a usual , rob ordered a long island iced tea and matt had a miller light . make sure and tell them if you want a top shelf tea else you will be getting the stuff in the plastic bottle . i sampled rob is long island tea and it wa not that good way too much sour . the next one he ordered wa much better after a little guidance to the bartender . the bartender herself wa okay , not too friendly but quick enough with the pours . i do not remember her name which is usually not a good sign . we ordered a few thing from the appetizer menu . we started with the chip and salsa . the chip were crisp enough , but not served warm and the salsa had some spice but the color were a little off kind of looked like the color of pea soup . rob then ordered the philly cheese steak slider . i tried one it wa okay i guess the bun wa warm and it wa pretty loaded with cheese and onion . he asked for a side of mayo and they said they were out , which is bizarre because there is a giant eagle a couple block away . this pretty much sum up my experience at the bar louie is i have been too . they kind of do just enough for me to come back but rarely make any real effort with service . maybe i am being too critical ... i tried to order the baked goat cheese , but they were out ... so , i settled on the hummus appetizer . this wa surprisingly pretty good . the pita wa warm and toasted the hummus had lot of flavor and the tabouleh wa edible . it is probably best to stick to simple stuff when dining here . matt had the hot wing which i tried one and it wa okay , your pretty standard mass produced chicken wing . all in all this place is not that bad . if you want to grab a drink before or after the movie and you are more concerned with convenience than necessarily friendly service and really good food than you could do worse .
fantastic food . this place is mainly a `` bar '' and doe get crowded but i really like the pizza here . in fact i have never had a bad meal . the staff are ussually very helpful but it doe get a bit loud inside when crowded .
do not even think about not getting the pretzel dipper it pretzel stick with honey mustard , cinnamon butter , and a spicy queso dip . the queso is my favorite but they were all delish . i also got the bruschetta which wa very garlicky but delicious . 5-7 m-f is 1/2 off appetizer so i wa able to get both the pretzel stick and bruschetta for 7 buck a a meal . the menu had a pretty wide range- my friend very much enjoyed a pear and chicken salad . we did not get drink but some looked good ...
an absolute must if you are going to a movie and want a drink ( $ 3 draft and $ 5 special martini ) and some half-off apps on a weekday from 5 to 7 . however , we were bothered that none of the special martini actually resembled a real martini . no gin or vermouth wa used , it is mostly puree and champagne float with flavored vodkas.anyway , the small plate made for good `` upscale '' bar food . half-price apps make for a cheap , but nice , dinner and a movie - great , great special . however , i would not buy a full-priced dinner here . nothing aside from the apps grabbed me for the outstanding price . the baked goat cheese wa small but delicious , and the tempura fried shrimp wa just right but the sauce did not match up exactly.be warned that the seat make you feel like you are going to be swallowed by them . seriously , the booth wa like sitting in the mouth of a whale .
the pro : great view of the city and river in good weather ... lovely for loud large groupsvaried menu with some original itemsgreat place to watch a game inside with a huge barfun locationgood place to take out of towners.the con : the food when i went yesterday wa not great . we got the wrong sandwich , our order wa not a described because the kitchen wa out of `` lot of thing '' ( tell u when we order , not when you deliver the meal without element on the plate . ) can be loud -- not a place for a romantic date ... the bathroom condition wa really bad.the server did comp up an appetizer , and they were friendly enough.. they just failed to wow . the view wa great , and we did enjoy walking around seeing the fountain dance to `` pour some sugar on me '' seriously ? ! ? ! ? yes ! classy eh ?
went there on saturday night following a movie at loews . we sat at the bar and watched the olympics on their multiple large flatscreen tv . ordered the calamari and shrimp quesadilla . the calamari wa crisp and plentiful the quesadilla however missed the mark . it wasnt crispy and it tasty sauscy instead of gooey . the menu is large and reminds me of epcot with all the different ethnicity represented . gordan ramsey would probably comment on the lack of focus at first sight . miller lites are $ 4 a pop which wa a big downer a i got my $ 85 bill for two apps and multiple miller lites . great atmosphere and probably a fine place to watch the pen game.food look like it hit or missall in all would rather drive down the road to the south side for a post movie food grub and tottie .
the word `` epic fail '' get thrown around a lot these day ... .but i really feel like they apply in this situation.we went on friday , april 2 and arrived at 5:10pm . it wa busy , but not crowded ... .no waiting for a table . half price apps and drink -- we ordered at 5:20.the food ( just appetizer , mind you ... ) did not arrive till almost 6pm . drink were ordered and were unbelievably slow . we placed one order for 6 draft beer at 6:15 ... they arrived at 6:52 . *37 minute for beer . *by 7:00 , we were canceling food order which we will given up on after waiting almost an hour . we just wanted to leave.instead of comping anything , they added 18 % gratuity to each of our bill . uhhhh yeah . thanks for giving me one more reason never to come back . we finally were able to leave around 7:30.bar louie : you are dead to me .
i had the exact same experience a john r. went here to get a quick bite to eat before seeing a movie across the street . the place wa near empty and there were three waitress . got seated and waited on immediately . ordered drink , and it took them 15 minute to come ... no , not alcoholic drink , two water and an iced tea . this should have been a bad sign , but at this point we ordered food.20 minute go by ... we flag down our waitress , to let her know that we need to get to a movie in 45 minute . she said our food would be out in a few minute . another 20 minute , still no food , and our waitress is nowhere to be seen . we flag down another waitress , she say she will find our waitress , who we then notice is chatting with one of the other waitress . she finish her conversation and finally make her way over to our table about five minute later . she say she did not even realize our food had not arrived ( well , you never even checked on u , so of course you did not ) . after speaking with the kitchen staff , she informs u that she `` definitely '' put our order in so it `` must have been given to someone else by mistake . '' because they would not have noticed that that wa not what they ordered ? seriously ? the waitress told u she could give u our food for take out and , since we were starving , we reluctantly agreed . 10 minute later , our food and the bill arrived . all that wa comped wa the iced tea , and we got some free utensil and wetnaps . how generous ! we shovelled what we could into our mouth , did not leave a tip ( thankfully , we did not have the added gratuity that john had ) , and sprinted to our movie where we covertly finished our smuggled food . worst part ? i opened the wetnap , and it wa totally dry . of course.however , i gave this place two star instead of one . that is because my food , when i finally got it , wa perfect . i had the greek burger and it wa huge , cooked exactly how i like it , with delicious topping . i really wish i could come back here for the food but ... hell no .
service ha always been good and the food consistent , we usually come for happy hour when apps are half off and there is some great deal on drink a well.things that stand out to me : veggie wrap , fried zucchini , hummus tabuleh and tzatziki platter , and house salad with ranch ( their ranch is so good i could eat it with a spoon )
let me just say that this used to be a place i loved.remember when you will go somewhere and have good food , great service and a general pleasant experience and then a few month you will go back and have it all again ? well one day you decide to go back and you realized everything ha changed in a way that you can not describe and the place is no longer familiar . to me , that is bar louiei can not say the food is bad . i had an order of the pretzel stick for an appetizer and the cinnamon sauce tasted like water and the pretzel were stale . i will say i still ate them so shame on me . my sandwich ( the mario ) a always wa very good.now here come the bad:1 . there were fruit fly everywhere . i felt like we were eating on top of a garbage dump . at one point i had to get a new drink because one flew in my beer . i understand that the establishment is an indoor/outdoor place but there is no reason for 15 fruit fly to hover over my table.2 . the place is enormous and they had one , very nice , but over worked server . the girl looked like she wa about to have a heart attack because she never stopped moving.3 . because of number two our service in general wa not good . i can not totally blame the girl she did the best we could . i mean . i have played diner dash on my ipad , i know what happens when a place fill up too quickly when you are the only one working.it is sad when a place you love turn into a place you never want to go again . i think i am being very generous by giving it two star but because i used to love it so much i can not rate it that low . part of me hope it get better , but like an absentee father it will just let me down again .
we were going to see a movie that started at 9:40pm . the 2 of u got to bar louie at 8:30 . we sat outside , and it wa nearly 30 minute before the waiter even stopped to get our order . i tried stopping a waitress but wa told 'this is not my table ' . finally the waiter took our order . 1 sam adam light bottle , and one pineapple juice+vodka . after about 15minutes another waiter ( maybe the manager i do not know ) asked if we had been waited on . we said yes , and told him we had been waiting . he left , and another ( different ) waitress came to bring u our drinks.. they were wrong.. my date wa given vodka on the rock . and i wa given a sam adams.. they took these back , and another 10 minute before the correct order wa served.. we told them to bring another round and the check . it wa 20 minute before they returned.. and they forgot the check.by this time we had to go to be on time for the movie.. my date asked for the check again so we could leave.. finally they brought it and i gave him my card , when he came back we signed it and left in a hurry to catch the movie.for 2 bottle beer , and 2 pineapple juice + vodka i wa charged $ 31.03 . i did not have time to complain or ask . i will not be going back .
food wa ok. waitress wa a huge air head . waited 25 min for my $ 7.00 beer . only got it after i reminded her . it is just another disappointing chain restaurant disguised a a local commodity .
although i would not travel out of my way to have dinner here , this is a resturant that i enjoy having a meal at , when i am in the homestead water front . on all of my visit here i have enjoyed the tempura shrimp . the dipping sauce are to die for . i have found myself craveing the tempura shrimp , and the accompanying sauce . the first time i ever had dinner here wa a a birthday dinner with me and my big sister . so this resturant ha sentimental value to me . i attach eating here to having a special night out in the waterfront . bar louie ha some very flavorful and fun dish for bar food , that is .
when the ratio to wait staff to diner is 3:1 you will think you could get service ! ! ! nothing erks me more then seeing idol wait staff and hungry patron . i very rarely walk out of a restaurant with out having eaten first . i came here on saturday ay 6pm . almost none of the diner had food on their table and many of them did not have drink in the 15 minute i wa there i counted 9 waitress again i counted 9 waitress and not a one of them came over to our table to get even a drink order . just from the look of it i could tell staying any longer would be a total train wreck . so after 15 minute of waitress counting we left with empty belly .
i wa looking to get out of the apartment on a really nice , sunny day and we decided to drive to waterfront and walk around . all around great day until we hit bar louie for some drink and appetizers.i am giving it one star , though it deserves none , because our waitress wa nice , if a bit inattentive , and the hummus app we ordered wa pretty damn good . outside of that bar louie leaf a lot to be desired.this is probably the first place i have been to where they charge $ 10 and up for all mixed drink . to me , that is beyond ridiculous . bar louie is not an upscale restaurant , a much a they wish they were , and paying almost $ 60 for three drink and two appetizer is insanity defined . a i mentioned the waitress wa friendly , but she definitely did not come back and check on u enough . i really wanted to like this place because of thing i had heard and the drink we had were really damn good , but if it want to spend that kind of money , i will go somewhere that i can get good service .
i came here last night to get a few appetizer before a movie , and wa hoping to be able to write a review on the food . unfortunately , i can not because the service wa so bad that i left before i had the chance to order . we found seat at the bar behind the tap . after sitting there for 5 minute and not being acknowledged , we thought that they might not be able to see u , and so we moved to a different pair of seat in the middle of the bar , grabbing a few menu on the way so we would be ready to order . it wa fairly busy , but it is not like there were people standing at the bar trying to get drink - everyone wa seated and i am sure they face much busier time . we sat in our new seat for almost 15 minute ( i timed it - i am not exaggerating ) , and were not even acknowledged . you would at least think the bartender would acknowledge u and tell u he would be with u when he could , but despite staring him down almost the whole time , we could not even make eye contact . i hope this is a fluke but will probably not be back to find out .
went here for drink and nacho and it is a very nice establishment . the nacho were very good the drink pricy but t be expected in a setting like this place . there are fire place outside on the patio a huge bar and even though it doesnt seat many there is a very nice cozy setting upstairs . go here to relax or enjoy good food both thumb up .
the absolute worst service i have ever had at any bar or restaraunt . and , in looking at other review , i am not the first . there are many option at the waterfront , and i would suggest you try any of them ; but stay far away from this place !
i have eaten just once , mostly i go for drink . nice , lively place , nice outdoor seating for the summer and fall.drinks are good , service is good.location is great a well , right across the movie theater .
love the ambiance and food ! !
$ 1 burger night on tuesday . add ons more .
haha only came here once for happy hour , but i am just pleased with the price . i guess coming from ny , anything would be better price wise . $ 3 for draft and a big selection of beer so good time . also it is right across the theater so it is a good place to go and chill before the movie starts.. which is exactly what i did haha .
it wa the first time that i went to this location . we sat outside and it wa a beautiful night . i had the bbq burger with fry . for the price of the burger i expected something much better . it wa a very thin burger when it came to the meat . a a whole it looked large but that wa only because of what they piled on top of it . in addition , their drink are expensive ! just one cocktail could run between $ 10- $ 12 and they are not very large . our waitress spent more time talking to her friend at the next table than actually tending to our need . there are enough restaurant at the waterfront that i do not know that i will come back here .
i personally enjoyed my recent visit to bar louie with a friend but completely understand the poor review on help . the restaurant is pricey for what it is , and our waitress wa a bit lackluster.so why doe bar louie get 3 star ? happy hour and a nice patio ! happy hour is on monday-friday from 4-7pm and offer lot of different option -- $ 3 draft , $ 4 wine , $ 5 martini , and 1/2 price select appetizer and flatbread . my friend and i ordered 4 martini and 3 appetizer between the 2 of u , and our bill wa le than $ 40 total . not bad ! i ordered a strawberry peach bellini and a s'mores martini , and both were tasty . we shared bruschetta pomodoro , spinach & artichoke dip , and roasted vegetable flatbread . the food wa also good , and i would order all three item again in the future.my recommendation is to understand what bar louie is good at ( happy hour ) and only frequent the restaurant at those time !
this is one of those place where the presentation is nice , but the taste is too ordinary . friend and i went here for happy hour ( starting at 5pm ) . they claimed to have $ 1 draft , $ 5 mixed drink , and half off appetizer . when we got there , we realized the happy hour special only applies to certain item , so pretty much the discount wa pointless . we ended up spending a fortune on beer and mediocre appetizer . i only had appetizer here so i can not really judge them for their entrées , but i will rate according to my eating/drinking experience . i got the spinach artichoke dip . it wa a little runny and the dip to chip ratio wa disappointing . for a dip , it had way too many obstacle built in to it . i do not know what they did with the artichoke , but it wa super fibrous ... i felt like i wa chewing grass . overall , i would not recommend this place unless you have money to make it rain . food wa way too average for the high price .
i am surprised by the low review . i am a regular here . perhaps it is a little bit pricey , and that is the concern . but , it seems like everything is pricey these day . their pretzel appetizer is -fantastic- hot , fresh pretzel with sauce . i also regularly get their grilled vegetable wrap , with broccoli instead of fry , or their salad wedge . they have got nice outdoor seating with great fire ornament , but , well , it is outdoors.in the past , service wa really bad . i quit going for a while , after having to `` do the wave ' for a check . but , for the last 2-3 year , it ha been really good . i have found the staff to be professional , attentive , responsive , and friendly . maybe these are old review ?
this place wa pretty good food , but the service however wa just horrible . a a friend said they hire for look , not work ethic . plus the fact that it took forty minute just to get a couple appetizer wa ridiculous . our server seemed more interested in the table full of girl than actually waiting on u . the couple behind u came in the same time and wa not even attended too until after our appetizer were being cleared off . the food wa pretty good , but because of the service i will not be returning .
a far a chain restaurant go , bar louie is ok . i really like their appetizer and their salad , but i do not care for their burger or pasta . their drink are ok . they are normal corporate restaurant drink ... i.e. , applebees.service is hit or miss . last time i went , i had just fine service . the time before that wa also just fine . sometimes the server is a little spazzy and seems new or doe not know wtf he is talking about . ( once , i went and ordered red zinfandel and he brought me white zinfandel and argued with me that it wa red zinfandel . i had to explain to him that white zinfandel can be confusing because it is , in fact , pink . i still do not think he believed me . it would have been amusing if it were not for the fact that it wa actually annoying ) . thing i like : calamari , pretzel stick , wedge salad , some of the sandwich . thing i dislike : frozen burger they sell for $ 1.great to stop in right before a movie at loews , though ! : - )
server are chatting , not paying attention to table . i can see my salad is ready at the window . worst serf ever .
i must say , my experience last night at bar louie wa wonderful . i wa hesitant to go because of the other review here , but my husband convinced me to give it a try . the place is seat yourself and it is loud in there . i wa a little underwhelmed by that at first but i got used to it and found myself enjoying the energy.our service wa fantastic . courtney wa great - super attentive , brought our drink out in le than 5 minute , brought our food quickly , checked on u just enough ... and the place wa packed.the drink were perfect , just strong enough . we tried the peach lighting and the tiki drink . i liked the tiki thing better but that is just personal choice . there were real berry mixed into that one . yum.on to the food ... my turkey/ham/brie sandwich wa delicious and my husband loved his burger . the highlight of the meal though wa the whiskey cake . sonnet-worthy.we will definitely go back again .
one of my favorite place , and they have thee best lemon drop martini is ... plus the bar tender look like clark kent ( superman ) very handsome guy
meh , i just do not see the appeal bar louis ha to pittsburghers . i guess this particular restaurant benefit from people who work at the waterfront stopping in after a shift . it is always packed . being so close to the amc theater , they get traffic before and after movie . it is expensive , the food is so so . before i get ahead of myself , i had the bbq ranch chicken salad without chicken . the bbq ranch dressing wa very good , but it is very easy to duplicate at home . it is equal part ranch dressing and kc masterpiece hickory bbq sauce and a drop or two of worcestershire and a drop of frank hot sauce . tuesday is dollar burger 5 until midnight , daily drink and happy hour selection , but even that is not enough to get me here . skip it . one caveat for this location , free parking . at station square is location you got ta pay to park the jalopy.i am eager to see if this place see a huge drop in business when burgatory open across the street .
i am normally a bar louie fan - my husband and i love the one in tampa . this location need a lot of work . we went on a friday evening before a show at the improv . we were looking to meet up with friend and have drink and a quick bite to eat . we never got to the food part because of the level of service that we received . we got there at about 6:40/6:45 so happy hour wa wrapping up , but i would say that the bar wa not even 3/4 full . there were also plenty of empty table . this should have been our sign to run in the opposite direction . but we grabbed a table . i am not a clock watcher , so i am not sure how long it took u to get a server but it wa at least 5-7 minute . then we got our drink at 7:04 . the only reason that i know is because i wa looking at my phone because my husband and i wanted to get some apps ordered before the end of happy hour . that went out the window . when our friend for there ; they ordered drink . we finished them and left . the server wa nice , that is not the issue . the issue wa how grossly understaffed they were . they had two bartender on ( i think ) and not nearly enough cocktail server . the server apologized for the wait on the drink , but explained it away with `` this happens at the end of happy hour because the bar get swamped '' . that is a sign that you need more staff . i have never had this happen at any other bar before . get more staff . we ended up passing up on food because we were worried about time , not the fact that we did not get hh pricing . even though , in my opinion , they should have honored hh pricing since we were ready to order food at 7:50/7:55 . we ended up going to the improv and got food there . bar louie lost a great deal of my money because their lack of staffing and they will never get our pittsburgh business again or our friend who live there .
we stopped here to enjoy a drink before our movie . our server , wa friendly . my husband had a margarita and my server suggested a berry mojito to me.both drink were overly sweet and barely any alcohol . after i finished my drink , i used my fork to dig for the blackberry at the bottom only to find ( to my disgust ) , a decent sized piece of clear saran wrap ! ugg ! did they muddle the mint into the saran wrap ? ! ! ! she comped the drink but we will not be back.ca not speak about the food since we did not have any but atmosphere wa loud and it wa difficult to have a conversation without repeating yourself .
i can not even review this place . we sat ourselves and waited for a waitress to take our order , and we waited and waited until we got tired and just left . and i have to be clear it wa a saturday afternoon , maybe like 10 table with people at them and i saw 3 waitress walking around . i think it is probably a bad idea to ignore people that come into your restaurant , especially since burgatory just opened across the street .
man , hater gon na hate . listen , y'all , bar louie is not fancy . it is just not and their extensive martini list will not fool me . however , the food is good ole american bar grub and their beer selection is decent . the staff ha been nothing but nice even when my wannabe rowdy group of friend spent many a summer day sitting a table for four hour drinking dollar beer . a long a bar louie still keep having $ 1 burger day ( tuesday ) and $ 1 beer day ( wednesday ) , i will continue to be a fan . fyi , it is a fanatically cheap movie & dinner/drinks weekday date spot .
the food wa okay . the noise level -- with 10 people in a huge room -- deafening . awful acoustic !
food is shitty probably would be good if they had a cook that knew how to cook it correctly . staff is ok no complaint drink are good a well
eh , this place wa okay but it wa sort of a weird crowd/overall experience for a saturday night.bobby and i came here after dinner and sat up at the bar . tip : if you sit behind the tap , no one will bother to acknowledge you exist . when we moved seat , we were finally asked what we would like to drink after waiting for 5+ minute in our original seat . it wa not all that busy , either . most of the people sitting at the bar were a bit older than we were . it seems that bar louie is trying too hard to be trendy with the decor/neon blue lighting/extensive martini list . maybe i am just salty about the wait .
i rather like bar louie for my outdoor dining experience after biking the rail trail or before a movie . been there twice now for both of before-mentioned occasion and both time had their appetizer . note that if you can catch them during their happy hour from 5 to 7pm on weeknight , your pocket book will thank you.the two of u diner selected three appetizer to share the first visit and two on the second visit and were quite satisfied with presentation , quantity , and quality.i would highly recommend the bruschetta pomodoro and the calamari ( breaded just right and not overdone ) .
really the only thing good about this place is the happy hour . no one want to pay $ 8 for a glass of wine that is a short pour and bottom quality .
i do not frequent bar louie , and i really do not plan to change that any time soon . i have eaten here and stopped in for drink a couple time over the year and i just have not been super impressed by the place.the food ha been decent - a few year back i splurged on an enormous fried chicken sandwich and definitely enjoyed it , glutton that i am - but their meal and appetizer alike have admittedly never `` wowed '' me . and while i enjoy their cocktail and would consider stopping in just for drink more often , the problem is that thing are way overpriced here . even during the happy hour drink are pretty costly , not to mention that i think most of the drink i personally like do not qualify for the happy hour discount , which is disappointing . once i stopped in with friend after a movie and one drink cost me $ 10 here . not even a large one , either ! sorry , but i find that to be kind of ridiculous , especially since there is cheaper place to get drink in the area.still , the food and drink are definitely a-ok albeit overpriced , so this place would be rated 3 star in my mind if i could hear myself think when i eat here . but good lord , they are just so loud ! i always leave with a sore throat from yelling to make myself heard . not cool , bar louie . not cool.so while the food and drink are fine enough the loud venue and price mean that this is definitely not one of my favorite place - and given the other option we have at the waterfront i do not expect to be back in any time soon .
my son a and i came for tuesday dollar burger night . you can gat a `` burger '' ( beef , chicken , portabella , or turkey ) in a bun with lettuce for a buck . then you can add topping to complete your burger at a small cost-cheese 75 cent , veggie 50 cent , artery cloggers 75 cent , sauce 25 cent . those are the heading and they have item listed under them-like 9 different cheese . you can also get a basket of tot or fry for a small price a well . my burger wa $ 2.25 after i added topping . is it the best burger i have ever had ? no . but is it the best $ 2.25 burger i have ever had ? yes . it is kind if a russian roulette a to how your burger will come to you cooked . mine wa well done and one if my son is burger had pink in the middle . we probably could have sent it back but we do not mind a little pink . i love the tater tot ! they are crispy and have the right amount of salt . yummy ! ! our server wa great and we will definitely be back .
great environment at night ! song going on very lively ! ! the food of my friend who ordered burger and fried shrimp wa not that great . but i ordered chicken flatbread which wa really delicious ! absolutely loved it will definitely go here again just for the flatbread
great atmosphere and rather humble , especially for a chain restaurant . the service is always friendly , even if they are busy . i enjoy taking client out for drink there because of the enjoyable bartender and wide array of drink on their menu . i highly recommend their chicken slider and you have to try their tempura shrimp . be sure to make a reservation because they can get busy too !
it is what i expected . cooler then a friday and the food wa about the same . it wa clean and out waiter wa really cool . it wa so slow he even took a seat with u and chatted but in a good way and we welcomed him to do so . i had the bar louie burger for my meal and it wa good . nothing outstanding but again what i expected . my group ordered the avocado fry and meatball appetizer . the avocado fry were good but we had to add salt . the meat ball with the small slice of garlic bread wa fun to share and yummy.we went on a slow sunday night . it wa clean and the food came out on time . again i rate a place on what i expect it to be and what it try is to be not what i think it should be . so just a different kind of friday . also great music playlist .
my boyfriend and i dined at bar louie at the waterfront about a month ago ; it wa my first time eating there and i wa pretty impressed ! we got loaded nacho a an appetizer and all the topping were a fresh a they come , not to mention delicious ! i ordered pasta ( i can not remember the name ) but i asked for no artichoke in it . it turned out the artichoke were pre-mixed in the recipe , but the waitress came and informed u that the chef wa whipping up a special batch just for me ! i wa extremely grateful and impressed.everything wa delicious , the decor wa industrial chic ( which i love ) and the atmosphere wa buzzing and fun . the menu wa a tad exotic for my small-town pallet , but it wa great . my only complaint wa the fact that you had to seat yourself , because we wandered around the crowded restaurant for about 10 minute before we found a seat . the food and service certainly made up for it though !
best place for a late dinner . they have a pretty diverse and interesting menu . kitchen is open til 2am . the atmosphere is very relaxing and staff is always pleasant .
i went this evening . the chop chop salad wa awesome . the shrimp tempora wa too bready . the bartender were awful .
dollar beer on wednesday night and loaded tater tot , pretty much two solid reason to visit . matter of fact , they have some sort of special every night of the week wether it be food or drink or both ! located across from the movie theater this is a good place to go before or after a flick with your hot date . i say skip over priced burgatory and come here on tuesday for dollar burger . just a good and half the bill .
food wa 7 out of 10 for this type of bar / restaurant . service wa extremely poor and bar service wa also extremely poor . untrained and understaffed bartender will keep me from coming back . no reason to not be able to get a drink when sitting at the bar .
good drink ( new old fashioned ) food wa so so ( shrimp tempura app ) , but service wa not good and i think it may have been amateur night in the kitchen . food took a long time to arrive for a simple fried appetizer - approx . 20 min . with zero acknowledgment from my bartender . shrimp were cooked well , but sauce were extremely salty & sweet to be paired with tempura batter . the bar is drafty and customer other than me were complaining with no noticeable change . i am not staying for a main course
i wan na love bar louie , i do . it seems like even on the deadest of night it take 20 minute or more for a waitress to even show up at our table and get a drink order from u . the food is good , but the past 3 or 4 time i have come they have been out of tater tot by 9 pm , and i am always told after my order is put in and the kitchen decides it is now time to tell the wait staff they are out of something . it may be time to start frequenting a different location besides the one on the waterfront .
well it is 9pm on a tuesday and no tater tot . dip for the chip are cold and beer is room temperature . not very happy . will try the station square bar louie next time .
i absolutely love the ambiance of this place . the bar area is very large , and there is even some upstairs seating with nice couch and whatnot . a solid beer selection at reasonable price make you want to come back ! it doe not generally get very crowded ( even on friday and saturday night ) , so do not expect a south side type of environment . all that being said , there is a reason why this is a two-star review . even though this place doe not get crowded , it take a very long time to get served . i have waited up to 30 minute between round while sitting at a relatively empty bar .
i only go here when i can not get into burgatory and because i enjoy the outdoor area with the firepit which is a pretty cool atmosphere . their really unhealthy food option like the loaded fry or loaded tot are pretty good , but their healthier food option are really lacking . i tried to get the blackened fish taco and the fish wa really dry and overcooked and of poor quality . the tortilla were completely stale and hard and had large gash down the middle . they have a decent beer selection but when i asked what their seasonal great lake on tap wa they said the christmas ale ( it is the last week in april now ) . i knew that if i ordered that draft it would be quite stale a it is probably been in there for 6 month now , so i got a southern tier instead which wa good . the service is ok but rather slow . overall i am pretty underwhelmed by this place .
my friend and i went down to the waterfront to enjoy some shopping and have dinner . everywhere wa pretty busy so when we went into bar louie we were not upset it took at least ten minute for a server to come to our table . he immediately brought our water over and we ordered drink . only another 30 minute until he brought one martini over . we ordered our food and after talking to management it still took 45 minute and our order wa messed up . we tried to be understanding when we learned it wa only our server first day but you would think that management would try to help the poor guy out ! he did not get out of the weed for the 2 hour we were there . very disappointing and embarrassing on management part . we were not the only people having horrible service because when we looked around the bar everyone wa upset . i hope they will let the server get some more experience rather than feeding him to the wolf on the second day .
sign stated `` seat yourself '' so we should have know the service would be horrible from the moment we walked in . we originally sat upstairs , which wa open per the sign . after 20 minute we got up and went outside . after 20 minute outside and after the waitress taking care of and making small talk with the table next to u , we said screw it and walked . the one other time that i had been there the service wa so-so . i will never go back . why should i have to try to track people down to pay for a meal ? ! ?
should have checked the review before we went . i have been to `` real '' bar louie is in other city . this is not one of them . wa seated for 20 min and no wait staff came to take our order . several of them made eye contact but did not feel the need to ask if we had been waited on . awkward . then someone came over with two plate of food trying to serve u . we thought , here wa our big chance to get served , but no , she just walked away . so we left . there are so many restaurant where you can get burger , just go someplace else .
wa there for saturday dinner at 6pm and still had some seat opened . we sat down right away . you sat yourself and menu wa at the table . very casual place , yet family place . a little noisy so not for date night . a little bit sport bar like but not like champ . food wa great . had boneless chicken nugget ( el fuego ) . side salad wa very good . i had verde chicken pasta and my husband had cod skewer with shrimp fried rice - i had some and it wa delicious . clean bathroom- very important .
i just walked into bar louie while we wait for our table at burgatory . we sat down at the bar and one bartender half acknowledged u and said he would `` be with u in a minute '' . we continued to sit there and wait . while she talked to other employee and walked around the bar to talk to the server . the only other bartender wa slowly walking around the other end of the bar . when she finally did make her way to our end she greeted the people who just sat down and ignored u who had been sitting there for 7 minute . this wa not a busy time and therefore ha no excuse for u having to wait more than 2 minute for a drink . we got up and walked out and will never be back . i have never had a good experience with bar louie no matter where it ha been . their customer service is always subpar . awful .
great place for late dinner after work . kitchen stay open late . real good food . full bar and real good service . great location .
came here for happy hour and a bite to eat on a friday evening . they have some great happy hour deal - $ 3 draft ( with a nice selection ) and half off flat bread pizza . i believe there are three or four different type of the flat bread to choose from . my friend and i sat at the bar and i have to say the service wa just ok. we were not given plate or silverware with our pizza , the server did not seem to know what the other wa doing , and it wa a bit haphazard . i ordered a burger medium rare that came out so rare i could have milked the cow . however , the tatertots served with it were delicious.located at the waterfront across from the movie theater bar louie offer both indoor and outdoor seating and is a decent option if you do not want to wait around at the other restaurant ( burgatory is directly across from it ! ) . this will not be a go to destination for me but it is a decent happy hour choice .
i have had a pretty wide variety of experience at bar louie . sometimes i go and the service is decent and the drink are good , and sometimes i go and the service is really slow and the drink are flat or just plain bad . the one thing that is usually pretty consistent though is the food . any food that i have ordered ha always been pretty good . i have never had an amazing experience here , but i do still go back for food and drink special and because of it location near the movie theater .
i love bar louie is happy hour . $ 5 martini and half priced delicious veggie flatbread ? sign me up ! they also have a few other apps that are part of the happy hour , but the flatbread is the one i usually get . the melon martini is my current favorite , but most that i have tried have been good.i do not recommend the shrimp appetizer . and i am not sure about some of the other food , but happy hour is 5/5 star . the rest of the time , bar louie is probably a 3 star place . so , if you are in the waterfront and are thinking of bar louie , go for the happy hour !
worst bar i have ever been to . they used maybe no alchohol in their drink and consistency had no meaning here . we ordered three berry mojitos and they were different significantly . i posted a picture , you judge .
i went with some work friend before catching a movie later that night . we got to bar louie a little over 2 hour before the movie started , which left u with hardly any time to spare by the time we were done . we had a table right away and the server took drink order , but it took 15 minute to get our drink . she then disappeared for 30 minute before coming back to take a food order . the food took almost an hour , and we had only ordered a couple appetizer . the portion were really small for the price , and most of the food came out burnt . i did not risk mentioning it at the thought of waiting another hour for new food . again , waiting for the server to bring the check after the meal wa an ordeal in itself and took much longer than it should have . the place wa busy , but not overcrowded , what i would expect on a typical weeknight . there is no excuse for the poor service and food . on top of that , the restroom were extremely filthy and clearly had not been stocked or cleaned recently . maybe it wa just an off night for this place , but i do not plan on going back again and taking that chance .
the worst bar and the worst service in the area . if i could give it 0 star i would . there is not one positive thing i could say about any time ive ever been here . it ha now been added to my very short list of place i will never step foot in again . please ... take your hard earned money elsewhere .
my boyfriend and i came for $ 1 burger night and the food wa delicious ! i am not a huge bread fan ; i usually eat my sandwich open faced but i loved the bun . my boyfriend ordered a $ 1chicken and a $ 1burger and got both chicken . that would not be a big deal if the service made up for mistake . we love the atmosphere and taste of food but the service is horrible . this review is not based on a one night experience . out of three different time we have experienced bad service- very inattentive . manager need to review the importance of service with their staff . if some one like you and you are attentive to their need , they are le likely to complain ! bit when you are ignored and they make mistake , most make it a point to bring it to a manager attention !
the place where my fiancé and i first met . went back for anniversary , mentioned it to server , and were given a free dessert to help u celebrate . very , very cool bar louie ! love ya even more now ! jerk shrimp lettuce wrap are so spicy hot they blew u away - extremely spicy - very good but caused u to order plain old soft pretzel to balance out the heat . buffalo chicken flat bread - great but hot too
sat at the bar at about 240 saturday for appetizer and drink . not super busy but took over ten minute for a draft beer and martini . took 20 for appetizer . no offer to refill drink or for water . bartender wa organizing glass or drying glass ... passed u a couple time no eye contact despite empty glass pushed forward . others at the bar were also sitting with no drink , no order taken , and i stress it wa not full and the bartender wa not busy making drink . this is the second time this ha happened at this location during the day when it is not busy . we will stick with rock bottom if we are at waterfront during the day .
i enjoyed this place . i have avoided this location for so long . i gave it a shot tonight because of a work get together . our server name wa sarah and she wa great ! she wa attentive and on her game . i had the 'diva ' martini , which wa very sweet and fruity . the bruschetta wa good a well ( however not traditional ) , served with a mix of tomato , onion , lettuce . the soft pretzel stick were your typical pretzel stick , however good , and served with three dipping sauce , honey mustard , a cheese dip , and a brown sugar/butter dip . the chip and salsa were served with three salsa , guac , regular salsa with a kick , and the cheese dip . the bar is clean . the food is trustworthy and not half bad , it is noisy , but that is is to be expected . it is a great place to watch a game , hang with friend and let go of work . the location is prime a well . overall , a very pleasant surprise .
i made a reservation for 6 on a saturday night . when we arrived we were told by one of the waitress that they did not make reservation for le than six.then she changed that to six or le . i asked to speak with a manager who told me they do not make reservation for le than ten . they had no record of my reservation . the manager wa rude . she asked if i had called the right location . when i confirmed that i had , it wa apparent she did not believe me . when i told her i had made the reservation about 10 day earlier during a weekday afternoon and had spoken to a gentleman , she told me they only had one male manager and he said he did not make the reservation . i wa told she could try and find something for u , but there wa no way to tell how long that would take since it wa a saturday night . we did not stay to find out and have no interest in ever experiencing their brand of customer service again !
our adventure to the water front landed u here after our dinner at rock bottom ! we just came in here for a post dinner beer ! i can not really comment on anything except the quick bar service ! we went up to the bar and ordered our beer ! nothing to complicated ! it wa such a nice night out that we sat outside in front of the fire they had going ! the fire pit were located in each of the bar table ! i thought it wa pretty cool how they set that up ! we were not here very long ! would we visit this place again ? who know but it helped u kill sometime before we had to go to sing sing
the food wa ok. we ordered the pot pie soup but instead were given the tortilla . we did not mind too much but the soup wa way too spicy for me , and i usually like spicy food . i ordered the chicken sandwich and it wa decent . nothing to rave about . it wa just ordinary . my boyfriend ordered the chicken and bleu cheese flatbread , and i really liked it . i will suggest ordering that if you come here for a bite to eat . i also tried their pinot grigio , but it wa in a very dirty glass.service wa ok a well . it wa not really busy , but it wa steady . when we walked in no one wa around the door and there were dirty table everywhere . so we made our way towards the back and sat down at the only clean table . it seems like the waitress will not clean the table until after new customer sit down . after a few minute , i noticed a table of two that were beside u . they were there before u but they had yet to be taken care of even after we got our drink and ordered . all in all , this place just need a bit of organization .
valentine is day ! terrible service . waitress wa not attentive at all which would be understandable if it were extremely busy but it wa just steady . food is overpriced for portion . small fly flying around restaurant . i investigated myself to see where from and found fly egg hatching from dirty toilet paper on the floor in the men is room near the corner by the plunger . mortified by this , my wife and i quickly finished and left . i will never visit again .
i go here often because i work down in the waterfront , the staff is very friendly and nice . the drink are very expensive but that is every bar louie . the one in homestead take forever for food , the wait is ridiculous . i spent almost 45 minute for some nacho . it is cool for a pre game and they have dollar burger on tuesday , and dollar brew on wednesday . it is very close to the movie theater so good for a date night ! but just make sure you give yourself a little time because the service is a bit bad .
surprisingly good fried chicken sandwich ( with decent tater tot ) and great happy hour beverage price on a wednesday night including $ 3.25 draft , some domestic were $ 1 . considering it wa a 70+ degree day in march , they were slammed and severely understaffed . no one wa bussing table except the waitress , and they were not very attentive to table , which led to some angry customer around us.still a worthwhile happy hour to check out :
a nice little quiet restaurant to come in for lunch . i am a little biased since in college my friend and i would come here for dollar burger night every tuesday and that wa the highlight of my shitty week . but i still recommend this place , always a fun time .
this is a bar louie and it is in one of the most touristy/family-friendly part of town , so it is not ever going to be an extremely highly rated experience for me personally . i went here with my boyfriend for a friend is birthday a few week back however , and i can say that this location ( a opposed to the nasty one in station square ) is pretty okay . the restaurant is spacious inside with plenty of potential to expand outdoors during the warmer month . we had excellent table service from a very nice server who did a good job keeping everyone is drink full . it wa dollar beer night , but all of the option on special were unfortunately not palatable if you like good beer . i would be much more inclined to come back for a beer night if bl rotated one ( just one ! ) nice craft option in with the others . plenty of people will still choose the piss of course , but one like me would be so happy . the free chip and dip appetizer i ordered wa great at least , particularly the guacamole . if i ever wa in the area i would come back and get that again and possibly a drinkable beer during happy hour , since those price looked good .
one dolla holla ! such excitement yet such epic failure when the tuesday $ 1 custom burger showed up naked a all get-out . one can not really complain for a $ 1 . but , when betty barkeep remediated the situ and fetched all of the topping initially ordered , the burger and portabella were worth the wait . and gim me some more o ' dem tot yo ! straight up addictive with salt + pepper and a hint o ' lime . bar louis is showing it age , but it ha been an anchor at the ever-changing waterfront .
i have been to bar louie several time and i do not have much to say about the food other than is it average and pretty boring bar food . the one thing different is the option for tater tot which people seem to enjoy . service is fine and price average . my most favorite thing from bar louie is without a doubt , the berry mojito ! i want one now they are so good ! made with fresh berry and mint ! i must get one every time ! you will not be disappointed if you like mojitos ! i think they are $ 10 which some might think is expensive but they are just so good ! good wise , i still have not had anything i really like and i will rather just come here for drink .
bar louie is my go to place in the waterfront . consistently good food and friendly talkative wait and bar staff . lot of wonderful special but nothing top tuesday , dollar burger night , a bar louie tradition . especially nice in the summertime when the garage door come up , window open and upper loft patio is full . flame pit are on the patio and provide warmth on a cool night.the food is an eclectic mix . burger are great a are the tot , get them loaded or better yet down them for speed : ) . mussel are good , salad are great ! appetizer are all excellent . try the bavarian pretzel with quest or the calamari ! my favorite , especially on a cold or rainy day is their chicken tortilla soup . if you give a green light to the cook , he will spice it up to en fuego , the way it is meant to be eaten . endless refill of soft drink allow you to sit and chat for a long a you like . this is a wonderful spot to people watch on movie night or catch some of the steelers who like to stop by.love place that keep eating out fun . this is a place where they remember your name ! recommend strongly ! !
what a delightful experience for this chain establishment . we were in search of a place to dine outside on this perfect summer friday evening . the sign said seat yourself and on 1st pas the only table available were hightops built more fir standing with your adult beverage . this wa not on this gal preferred list . we attempted the joint next door but waiting 90 min wa an even i do not think so ... . back at bar louie we went and scored a recently vacated table . maria our awesome waitress greeted u kindly but have u some bad news ... they were training new kitchen staff and it wa taking a bit longer than usual for order to come out.. but she assured u once they did they were a yummy and up to bar louie standard people have come to expect . okay ... kudos , for letting u know in advance . we ordered drink and the food came out quicker than expected . i ordered the chop chop salad and added shrimp to mine ... wa done perfectly and the slice of garlic toast wa a welcome addition . my husband opted for the savory mac n cheese pork sandwich ... .my taste bite wa scrumptious and lived up to maria is hype . great food ... superb service ... great to see a chat in restaurant can still offer patron something to come back for !
literally the only place to stop in waterfront . best happy hour ! ! martini and draft half off ? our server kayla wa phenomenal .
food wa good . waitress wa kayla and she wa excellent . it wa busy but she handled it and gave our table undivided attention . thanks kayla .
insanely sticky floor , frozen food that is reheated in a microwave and $ 10 drink that taste like sugar water . skip this place if you do not want to feel ill after dining .
i am not into waterparks a much a i am into amusement park . i go to sandcastle maybe once a year . but my chicago friend catherine came in to visit for the weekend and after a day at the zoo , we donned our swimsuit and came here . the main part of the park is closed in the evening , but the sandbar and the sandbar pool and the hot tub remain open for the 21 and over set . the sandbar ha a great menu of food and drink and ha a $ 6.00 cover charge to get in . occasionally there is live entertainment.it is hard to believe that before they built this place , it wa the site of an abandoned steel mill . actually , it wa the railroad yard for the nearby homestead work . but after site-clearing and clean-up , they turned it into a beautiful place to spend a warm day or nice evening . the view across the mon is quite beautiful with a wooded hillside on the other side . there is even a boat dock , so you can arrive by river if you desire.i am glad i renewed my acquaintance with this place and hopefully , i will get another chance to come back .
the evites are in the mail for the 2 for $ 99 special ! you will have to spend $ 24 on a parking pas . i signed up last year for this promotion and do not think i got the pass worth . the waterpark is nice and lounging by the pool or floating around the lazy river is perfect for a hot summer day . there are just too many miss in my book though.1st off all traffic is a biatch ! be ready to sit on brown hill rd for a very long time unless you leave before 9am and wait for the park to open at 10am . next remember it is a family park so there will be lot of rude and bratty kid all over the place . ( i am not a mean kid hater ) my experience have been bad at the sandbar pool . if you do arrive early enough you will be standing in the hot sun with a gang of kid that will push you out of the way and run to claim 10 chair with towel even though they will not use them because they run around the park all day . i actually got into an argument last summer with one said kid . i wa like `` i am an adult and you need to have some respect . '' he pushed me and took all the chair . i only needed one and his mother did not correct him . i wa on fire and moved a chair over from the back and he still wa giving me crap because i moved the chair over ... that no one wa even there to sit in at the time . damn ! for real ! sandbar drink are expensive and incredibly weak . plus they are so sugary . if you do get a frozen drink and sit by the pool be prepared for it to be half pool water in a few minute . an adult area would change all this . i do not even care that i am getting splashed all the time i do realize that i am at a pool but it is hard to relax.if you do get a pas have a friend who can get there the same day you can go . if you are trying to go on the weekend forget it ! the weekday are bad enough . i am looking for a better pool side lounge for this summer .
it is fun , but not a fun a kennywood . the boardwalk food is a bit too far from the wave pool and that make for a lot of shoe on/shoes off event . the lazy river could be much better . i did like the water slide and the potato patch fry , a well a the scenic location .
how many time do you get to fall at 70mph , wearing only short ? sandcastle can make it happen.if you are going , it is best to stop by giant eagle and grab you some discount ticket from the customer service desk . $ 25 is still a bit much in my opinion , but it is better than spending the full $ 30.99.there is not much i can think of that is in sandcastle that is not a great time , except maybe walking around and scorching your foot on the boardwalk . i personally am a huge fan of some of the faster tube slide , and of course the massive speed slide . if you are looking for a more relaxed ride , check out the lazy river , or screw around in the big pool . there is also a pretty nice wave pool there for your amusement.there is also plenty of stuff for kid to do ... but i do not have kid , so i do not know how all that is.they do close at 7pm , which is a bit early , so be warned : you definitely want to show up earlier in the day . but it is definitely a good idea to close the park if you can : right toward the end , the line disappear , and you can ride over and over . win !
sandcastle is a mixed bag for the kiddos . on the one hand , there are plenty of waterslides/pools that are a good fit for young `` rider '' , on the other hand , sandcastle , like any city amusement park , attracts more than it fair share of highschool kid looking to spend some time away from their parent and assert their personhood . unfortunately that element doe not particularly care about `` censoring '' speech for 9 year old ear , and worse , in the mon tsunami , about personal space , since the wave pool becomes a near mosh pit of jostling and strutting and shoving and 'showing off ' for the fairer sex , and that can be a little dicey for the littler kids.having said that , it is still a good day at the park . . . cheese fry , a cool dip in the pool on a hot day , some fun slide . . . i think in rating sandcastle fairly you have to understand the context of the park . it is not policed particularly effectively . if you take small child you have to be a diligent parent and be aware of your surroundings , paying attention to the group of 17 somethings thrashing around in your near vicinity , `` accidentally '' bumping into people for a reaction from their group . mostly it is a good time . mostly .
so the last time i went to a water park wa probably when i wa in elementary school and did not really know how to swim ( ... i still kinda do not . lol ) . anyway , it wa in california at raging river and it wa a traumatizing experience . screaming & being tossed around in the pool that push periodic wave at the sound of a loud horn and ending up with scraped knee and foot . not fun.so to say the least , i wa a bit nervous coming to this water park afraid to have another episode of feeling i wa being drowned . luckily that did not happen.i seriously had so much fun here ! i honestly wa only expecting to go on the lazy river pool all day but with my bf , we hit up so many ride ... tandem and single ride ! i feel like such a big girl now ! definitely lean back while you are on those single donut on the water ride , or else you feel like you are going to flip over while swishing down the tube . the new dragon ride they just opened up wa okay . i wa expecting it to be so much more fun , but literally you just slide down a dark tube into a circular room where you just slowly swirl your way down the middle hole and that wa it . there wa this one ride where you slide down the tube for a few second , then you land into a pool where a worker push you into another tube and this continues about 3 time . it wa weird . kinda awkward with the worker having to grab you and push you through . although it wa still fun . the last dude threw me in backwards ! scared the crap out of me but it wa fun : ) the food here is surprisingly pretty affordable . plus , who want to eat a huge meal while in your swim suit . me do not want no pot belly . overall i had such a fun time here . it definitely made me rethink my fear of water park . by the way , we went on a saturday in early june and it wa not a packed a i thought it would be ! so the line were not long at all . also , go to giant eagle to purchase your discounted ticket . you save a few buck versus buying them at the water park . oh and do not forget to bring sandal while walking around . your foot will literally feel like they are burning from the ground . now go off and have some fun ! : )
we are lucky to have a waterpark in the burgh . i have to keep telling myself that when i want to complain about this place . i do think it is a great place to take the fam or even , in my case , spend a day relaxing ... if you can ! let is do the compliment sandwich . positive - negative - positive ! the negative ... i feel like sandcastle is the forgotten redheaded stepchild of kennywood . they keep pouring money into k-wood , but sandcastle stay the same year after year . now , granted i have not been there in year , but everything seemed the same a i left it other than one new slide . i have not been there in about 9 year . one new slide in 9 year ? hmmmmm ... .i see major place to improve . especially the pool . i honestly think the slide are great , although you could always add more , they are still fun . the pool ... it is just packed . so packed that you will think they will add a second pool . looking around it look like they have the extra space . maybe an adult only pool ? swimming with 20 zillion kid , plus adult drinking ( yes i like that you can bring your bevvie in the pool ... but it is kinda weird being around so many kid ) and you start to wonder how clean the water is . i mean , 20 zillion kid you got ta expect a good amount of kiddos are peeing in the pool ! the sidewalk are also scalding hot . i will assume since many of the people are walking around barefoot you will be able to custom order some kind of non sun absorbing surface . and i '' m not investing in those dorky water shoe , sorry ! i am always happy to see a potato patch stand ! just a good a k-wood ! they also serve chicken tender , which is nice if you want a little meat to add on . nothing more is needed for me ! although the frozen drink looked tasty and tempting , it wa so hot out i wa just downing water by the gallon . you are also allowed to bring in your own snack and food , which i think is nice for family who want to save a little mola . again , sandcastle is so awesome to have in the burgh , it would be nice to see improvement . it always seems packed in the summer month , so why not keep on improving it ? or maybe they think do not fix what is not broken . i just may stick to a cleaner , le pee filled community pool for my water fun fix !
dont waste your time with this place . long line , overpriced and no shade or cooling spot while you wait . half the `` ride '' were shut down . you are better off with a garden hose . save your money or buddy up to someone with a pool .
i love sandcastle . first , let me say that i am reviewing the waterpark , not the people . the park ha little to no control over the people that visit the park and the way they or their child behave . if you are going to visit , i would highly suggest you try to go on a weekday . i have attempted to visit on nice weekend before when the park ha actually been at capacity and they are no longer allowing people in . it get crowded on the weekend , especially if the weather is nice . there are not a ton of nice day in the summer in pittsburgh , so when there are nice day , people come out in drove ! the slide are a blast , the line are sometimes very long , but worth it . the lazy river is great when it is not wall to wall people . i really enjoy the new dragon is den but the line is crazy long for it ! they also have a fantastic bar area , we have gone a few time and enjoyed a festive beverage while we enjoy the sun ! they have several area for smaller child , which are all fantastic . if you are visiting , trying to take advantage of the giant eagle discount ticket , because these can get really pricey . you can also do a sandcastle/kennywood ticket , where you visit sandcastle during the day and kennywood at night . it is a fantastic deal , but boy could that be exhausting !
okay , so it is not a fun a kennywood but i guess it is still cool ... i planned ahead a day to go for me & bobby ( his first time ) it wa supposed to be nice day , but the weather changed in 2 weeks.. we picked a nice time.. since it wa literally supposed to rain all day , there werent any long lines/ we literally rode every water slide in one hour . then we went to head to the lazy river -- - & it wa closed ! they said it wa closed due to not enough attendence , but i mean come on . we still paid $ 70 for 2 people to come in this park where i just rode everything in one hour.. keep the lazy river open so i can kill an hour ! aah . the cliff hanger wa also closed- like always . so we just went and rode everything again . the dragon is den is sweet and the blue tubaluba is a well . bobby had a blast on the speed slide . i have to admit though , i do miss the regular body slide . another reason i chose august 3rd to go to sandcastle wa that the park wa open until 7pm rather than 5 or 6 like regular day . well actually at 4:45 we recieved a `` 15 minute warning '' that the park wa closing at 5 due to rain . ugh , a little more time would have been helpful . i couldnt hear the warning and asked an employee who said they were closing in ten minute due to the weather and being under-staffed to stay open until 7. it started to rain at 5 and literally at 5:20 the rain wa over . the park could have just shut down the ride until the rain cloud passed , but due to being under-staffed would rather hand out rain checks.. which is fine because we get an another entire day , but i mean it would be a terrible inconvience from someone out of town who planned a family day . overall , the smile on my boyfriend is face wa priceless , but i truly wish we could have enjoyed the lazy river and the park until 7. hopefully next time thing go a planned ... .
now here is a place that know what it is . a place to ride a few slide , relax on the lazy river , and watch the hilarious pittsburghers walk around with jesus tattoo and many child . come for the slide , stay for the people watching .
we went to the sandcastle waterpark this past weekend before we went to heinz field . we are a family of four ; dad , mom , 17 year old girl , and 8 year old girl . we all enjoyed it . there wa plenty to do for everyone ; wave pool , kiddie pool , single tube slide , double tube slide , and body slide . it wa a cloudy day in the upper 70 is , so it wa not crowded at all . check for coupon at giant , local flavor , and other place . some thing do not open until 12 pm , even when the park open at 11 am . parking is $ 6.00 .
i have the season pas and go atleast once a week and each time i have been in the last week ive been.disappointed . two week ago they threw a rubber baby in the wave pool and entice panic and claimed iy wa a training exercise . disgusted . and today twice the pool with mushroom and waterfall in it wa shut down due to adult pooping in the pool or puking dont know cant get a strait answer from any of employee . just sad there customer service suck .
this wa my first time back in about 12 year . i have not been here since high school so it hard for me to compare 12 year ago to now . i do know the price have gone up but i can remember paying $ 19 . i think the best thing you can do is purchase the ticket at giant eagle or even looking on the sandcastle website for deal . my sister for a deal for 19.99 and day in the 2015 season . i paid 26.99 at my local giant eagle . thats not really a big deal . i am definetly shocked that there wa a $ 6 or $ 12 fee to park.. i mean it ridiculous we have to pay what we pay to get in and another fee to park is crazy . we opted for the $ 12 fee to park real close to the entrance bc of having a 7 year old with u . it is worth that extra $ 6 . i learned that you should get there and line up at the game fairly early if you want a good spot by the pool ... people with plow you over and run to get a prime spot . that is a downfall . plus this mean that there are a lot of rude people . we got there early enough to ride all the ride we needed too . we did not do the lay river however because the line were ridiculous . the wave pool wa a hit for my son but just watch all the people there . people are rude there a well . some horse play and such . i must comment on the food , i def love potato patch fry but the price are crazy ... i ordered 2 chicken tender meal with fry and the costed me around 35 with drink . thats is b . sandcastle is an ok place to visit , but it just not worth the money
insanely expensive ! $ 6 parking . $ 8 locker . $ 9 wrinkled , burnt hot dog . i really hate this place . kid received season pass for christmas present . brought kid once and will never return . spent $ 46 on food and threw most of it away
this is my 4th year a a season pas holder . each year the park seems to go downhill a little . i wa there yesterday and the bathroom by the wave pool wa deplorable . i hate when people leave a bathroom disgusting but sandcastle need to do a better job of keeping them clean . yesterday there were very few people at the park so keeping the bathroom clean should have been easier . the other issue i had yesterday is there wa a young lady in her late teens/early 20 is who wa wear a black bikini . the bottom were a modified thing . ( modified meaning it wa a smidge wider than a whale is tail thong . ) . it wa not appropriate at all . my family wa sitting in the wave pool area and saw the young lady multiple time . two of those time there wa a female leader/manager who wa standing there . she watched the girl and made comment to the worker but never said anything to the girl . the lifeguard are nice and do a good job . the employee at the food station are also nice and service is quick . our family is a big fan of chic fil a so we love it when they are there . the park just need to tweak a few thing to get 4 or 5 star . keeping restroom clean and updating some of the chair and lounger would be step in the right direction .
this water park is alright . definitely outdated and need some work but it is a way to get out of the house on a hot summer day . staff are friendly and lifeguard are alert . price are a little steep but with this being the only water park around they can get away with it .
my husband and i are season pas holder and try to make it out to the park once a week . i have been coming here for about 7 year now and not much ha changed . most of the time we just hang out at the wave pool or relax on the lazy river . the food is good but i wish they offered some healthier option . they have a salad but that is about it . i am not a major crazy health nut but something non-fried would be nice . if your not too worried about the calorie their food is delicious , a bit overpriced , but your at an amusement park so what do you expect . this year they have also been slacking on cleanliness . i have had to use the bathroom a lot since i am expecting and i wish they would send someone in more often throughout the day . one other reviewer mentioned an adult area . sadly they do not have this , but i think it would be great ! ! ! i usually visit on the weekend since i work weekday and having child bump into you and splash you everywhere you go is not very relaxing . the staff is great . i have never seen a more attentive group of people . they are always on alert and i have no worry about the safety of the child in my family visiting with me when they can . i also plan on being my new baby next year and i have no fear about his well-being . here are a few tip if you want to save $ $ $ . pack your lunch . see park rule on cooler size and do not pack any glass . on weekends/holidays get there when they open if you want good seat or a seat in the shade . if you plan on going more then twice buy a season pas , it will save you time and money . if you ever plan on bringing guest get a vip pas for buddy ticket , parking pas and a souvenir cup . souvenir cup are good if you like to drink something other then water they save you a ton on refill and you can use them all season long . bring flip flop . the pavement get scalding hot . i burnt the bottom of my foot the first time i wa there this year . if you plan on coming late a lot bring your own folding lounge chair . after the opening rush on busy day they are all gone in the first hour . if you plan on having a group of 5 or more renting a cabana is really worth it , especially if you have older kid . it give them a place to always find you . and finally buy your ticket ahead of time . it is always more expensive at the gate then online or at a local retailer . you can even buy your ticket online while standing i front of the gate . they can scan your ticket off your smart phone . note to other guest ... please watch your child and do not rely on the lifeguard to babysit them . they are your responsibility . the lifeguard are there to keep them safe and alive but not respectful . also please be courteous to others and only put your towel on chair your using . i wa late arriving last weekend ( got there at noon ) and sat next to 2 perfectly good lounge chair with towel on them while i sat on the grass . for 6 hour i never noticed 1 person use them . i hope this help ! !
for some reason , i had a tremendous amount of anxiety about buying a new mattress . maybe i wa just self-conscious about rolling around on a bunch of bed in a public place . abd mattress quickly alleviated any idiotic fear i may have had . the store wa empty when i arrived on a monday afternoon and i wa attended to immediately and never felt pressured . abd ha a great selection of mattress , and the price can not be beat . i picked up a full plush pillow-top mattress for a cool $ 375 ( without a box spring or a frame , since i already had one ) . better yet ? delivery is free and prompt . you pick a three-hour timeframe , and the store will call you on the day of delivery to narrow it to a one-hour slot so you are not sitting around all afternoon .
i am a mattress buying novice . i also hate buying thing that require you to try-before-you-buy . i also seem to give explanatory information about myself before review . anyway . i had a lot of anxiousness about buying a mattress . if it is terrible , you will be spending a large proportion of your life in misery until you fix the problem . who want that ? especially for something that can be a expensive a a mattress ? these people were great . they patiently answered all of my mattress question and treated me like a valued customer - both time i called , the man on the phone remembered my name ( and number ! ) and took care of me . when i failed to buy a box spring ( why oh why did i think i could go without a box spring ? ? ) they were able to take care of me over the phone and get me a box spring in the same day . within hour , even . they even helped me set up the mattress that i did not purchase from them , which blew me away . their professionalism and friendliness are excellent . i will recommend them to everyone who is in the market for a mattress , especially student , because their student deal are fantastic .
the only place to buy a mattress.both my wife and i and our daughter desperately needed new mattress so i decided to check this place out . we went on a sunday afternoon and were the only one in the store . lee greeted u and showed u around the store . they offer mattress , recliner , dinette , daybed , bunk bed and bedroom furniture . we found her a great mattress at a great price . while waking around the store my wife found a serta icomfort series mattress for u that felt like heaven to lay on . lee had told u about their free 18 month no interest financing through well fargo bank , free bed frame , free delivery and set up of your new bed and free removal of your old mattress and box spring which made it a no brainer ! i went in to only buy our daughter a new mattress but i bought u a new one a well . no one can beat their price ! i compared the price of our new mattress to levin , macy is and mattress discounter . no one came close to the price we got at american buyer . everywhere else wa double the price for just our mattress not including our daughter so it wa like getting hers for free . take it from me , when it come to your sleep , do not buy a cheap mattress ! ! ! we bought a cheap , supposed serta mattress in 2008 from mattress discounter . the boxed spring had to be replaced about 2 year after owning the bed . i do not think i will have that problem again a our new serta ha a full 25 year warranty . a couple day later our daughter mattress wa delivered first and about a week later our new mattress wa delivered . the delivery guy had our old mattress and box spring out and our new frame , box spring and mattress set up in le than 10 minutes.i highly recommend american buyer discount mattress for all of your bedding need .
i have been buying my mattress and headboard from american buyer is discount mattress store for year . the selection is huge , the staff is extremely knowledgable and helpful . there is none of the pushy sale tactic that you find at some of the other chain store . they are honest and will make sure you get the mattress that is best for you and not their profit . the price can not be beat , the service is outstanding- free delivery and haul away of your old mattress . there is price range for every pocket book there and you can request financing too if need be . they carry all size and type of mattress , daybed and even lift chairs- those recliner that will lift you up to a standing position ! if you are in the market for a mattress , bed frame , headboard etc . this is the only place you need to go ! you definitely will be happy you did .
this is the most reliable car service i have experienced in pittsburgh . amazing service . for the last four year , we have used them each week to pick up and drop off colleague at the airport . they are always waiting by the hertz counter , ahead of time , without fail . even when the flight is early or had a 3 hour delay . they charge about $ 10 more than a yellow cab . if you have client you need picked up or dropped off at the airport , i would highly recommend first class . my first time in pittsburgh , when the driver heard i wa on an interview , he even gave me a free tour of a few neighborhood in the city .
i agree with the other reviewer . i tried these guy based on the yelp review and wa not disappointed . i am a grumpy new englander , and have been frustrated by the small town , easygoing/careless customer service at many pgh business . these guy are different : professional , punctual ( even in snow ! ) .
great customer service . i wa in pittsburgh for business and needed a car to get back to the airport . i found these guy on yelp , and the review were not wrong . it wa easy to order the car and pick-up wa prompt .
ditto everyone else . i had out of towner needing to get to the airport but i had a last minute work conflict and could not drive them . i wa nervous about using one of the standard cab company because their track record of actually showing up is not great . i called these guy the night before an 8am pick-up and everything went smoothly . dave even checked on their flight for u to make sure it wa on time given bad weather . if you are planning on getting a cab to the airport , definitely use first class .
after reading glowing review on yelp , i decided to try this service to pick up my 83 year old mother and take her to the airport . service wa great . driver wa very courteous and on time . we used them to pick her up at the airport and are equally happy . the driver even carried her suitcase upstairs to her apartment .
we always use first class limo for flight too early to take the 28x to the airport . they even have a multi-pickup service for early flight if you are not in time for a regular reservation .
fabulous service all around . my husband wa coming in on a redeye flight from san diego around 9am on saturday morning , and just before midnight on friday , i realized i wa not going to be able to pick him up . i called first class limousine service around 12:30am and wa pleasantly surprised that someone picked up . i ended up speaking to dave , the owner , and he wa able to accommodate my last-minute request . my husband initially went to the wrong meeting place ( on account of his sleep deprivation : ) so the company called me asap when he did not show up right away -- i reminded hubby about the correct meeting spot and all went well after that . he wa very happy with the service and the price . i will definitely use this company again for ride to and from the airport ! thanks everyone !
other people may have had a better experience with this company but that wa not the case for u . we had rented a limo/bus for a bachelor party . our driver scott , wa completely clueless in navigating the city . constantly making wrong turn and missing exit . all of this after very thorough instruction a to where to go . each destination took 3-4 time longer to reach due to his incompetence . this caused u to have to skip a couple of our originally planned stop . after returning to the bus after one of our stop we were informed by scott that the police had come onto the bus and searched it with dog . really ? ! ? ? ! why ? ? ! ! how ? ? ! ! we found that our bag had been rifled through and we all felt a little violated and confused . by this point we decided to call it a night . more than half of our passenger did not care to step back onto the bus and took cab home . just when we thought the worst wa over we were wrong . a we enter the highway we realize that scott ha driven all the way up the ramp and onto the highway going the wrong way ! ! ! he start slowly reversing down the ramp while oncoming car honk and swerve all around u ! truly terrifying . after that , we were very upset and just wanted to get home . so after several more wrong turn we finally get home . absolutely terrible night . so if you will like to book a party bus that will include a geographically blind driver , unecessary police involvement , a near death experience and just an overall sense of frustration mixed with panic then go with these guy . otherwise , i would suggest staying far , far away !
excellent service ! the driver wa first class ! truly wa the best car service i have ever experienced . driver wa classy , professional and kind . great reservation service and very fair price . do yourself a favor-skip the cab and call this car service . reliable , professional and great value . thank you !
super classy business ! ! i needed to transfer 12 people from the pit airport to downtown , and first class wa not able to help , because my group wa too large . the owner referred me to a competitor . wow , he could have easily told me i needed 2 or 3 of his car , but he wa kind enough to think of the customer.i wa so impressed i did ask him how much would it be for a van ( 7 pax ) and a car , and it wa not that much more than the competitor is 14 pax van . i have not decided if i want to use 3 car , or 1 car , but i am glad to know he did not try to snooker me.class act , and i hope that people will consider this company when hiring a vehicle .
so i moved to pittsburgh from los angeles . i know i know i know ! anyway so there absolutely no place in homestead that delivered chinese so i decided to walk down to the closest chinese food/restaurant to my house . the family that run the restaurant is very friendly . i read a review about them on google that said the mom look like she might want to cook you alive . do not believe it ! on this visit i ordered the steamed dumpling ( recommended by some reviewer on google ... that liar ) and the vegetable chow fun . i generally enjoy steamed dumpling but these dumpling ( too much dumpling little meat ) werent so good . theyll probably be sitting in my mini fridge tomorrow and i will force myself to eat them when i have the munchies/starving to death . the vegetable chow fun on the other hand verrrrrrrrrrrrrry yummy . definately most have next time anyone decides to stop by . but all in all the verdict is you typical chinese take out place . *puts the menu on the fridge*
the worse `` chinese food '' , even the white rice which came with the ogle sweet and sour chicken is really bad . please do not eat this food .
not bad for neighborhood corner chinese food . the szechwan is not good . too much ... ketchup ? ? the wonton soup is good . very good curry chicken with onion and happy family . egg roll are hit or miss . sometimes they can be a little underdone . is this the best place ? no ... but it doe the trick especially for a hangover cure .
fried rice super bland.chicken wa slimy.service wa indifferent . no repeat visit for me .
i am not sure what it is about this place that i love so much . i have been eating here for probably 10 year now , and it never disappoints . it not fancy , it not unique , it not some fantastic restaurant , it a chinese takeout place . but it is delicious ! everything i have ever ordered is good . the general tsos , the chicken with broccoli , the beef with broccoli , the sweet n sour , the teriyaki , etc . etc . but the real treat are the egg roll and the wonton soup . their lunch special are all six or seven buck and are more than enough food for a big guy like myself . it is also always ready in 10-15 minutes.affordable , fast , and delicious .
came in for take out around 330 today . food wa ready in 5 min . service wa good . rice is a little plain but i just add some soy sauce . general tso had no flavor . not crispy at all assuming thats why it wa so fast . sweet snd sour chicken wa to moist . only reason i would go back is speed . not worth it flr the price . had better food at buffet
meh , i have experienced better is an understatement.friday is is like the `` fine dining chain '' for every yinzer in pittsburgh ... 1 . when we were seated , it wa quick which wa a surprise . somehow this restaurant get packed and i never understand why . i wa happy about that.2 . i ordered one of their `` skinny margarita '' , blackberry to be exact . it wa a nice size , however , at $ 6.00/pop , that wa half of my food bill.3 . the waitress started off attentive , but after our food came out she wa gone . i ordered a turkey burger with pickle and mustard . loaded mashed potato on the side because i wanted heartburn ha ! 4 . food came . my burger had lettuce on it only . waitress wa supposed to go and get our next round of drink . i had to wait to ask for my pickle.5 . the loaded potato were more like rubber than potato and not what i wa expecting . disappointment.6 . the waitress then went into oblivion and only returned with our check . never again will i eat at friday is . i will , however , go should a happy hour arise ...
have not been to tgifridays for year and wa never really a huge fan . i get tired of going to the same place all the time for lunch so we decided to try it out . i must say that i wa very impressed with how extensive the menu wa and all of the delicious option . i had the two for $ 10 lunch special with french onion soup and terriakyi glazed chicken strip . i wa told that the broccoli soup is very thick so i opted for the french onion . it wa okay but i think that i would get a salad instead of the soup next time . the chicken strip were wonderful and i am still craving them . the portion wa huge and there were leftover . my co-worker ordered the jack daniel sampler and burger and were jealous at the portion and choice from the pick two . the service wa good and we had no issue . i will definitely be back .
this place.. is ok if ur grabn something quick .. but they do have a great happy hour tho
boo ! what happened to this location ? it used to be happy and fun ! it just feel depressing and nearly everyone there is just doing the bare minimum to get by ? so sad .
if i were to describe this place in one sentence i would call it a mediocre , and cheaper version of bettis 36 on the north shore.my wife and i won a gift card in a raffle . we went for lunch on a saturday . it wa not crowdedwe entered the restaurant and were promptly seated by a nice server . the restaurant wa clean and nicely decorated and did not feel run down or old in any way.our server took our drink order and returned promptly . we got the pretzel with beer cheese appetizer and we each got a hamburger.our food arrived promptly and the appetizer wa `` fine '' . 10 year ago i would have called it good or better but time ha marched on and expectation are higher then they once were.the same go for the main course . the fry were unremarkable but decent a were both burger . the bill wa also fair . the meal with two drink and an appetizer wa reasonable for what we got . the server wa pleasant and attentive . all in all this friday a a good but likely quickly forgotten experience.i would return here for lunch like i did today .
i am not opposed to chain restaurant but this tgi friday in comparison to some of the other one in the area truly fall short of the `` chain '' expectation . i order the jack daniel is chicken and shrimp with just fry . the fry were undercooked and thrown haphazardly into the sauce holder . the shrimp wa over cooked and just deepfried . the chicken wa fatty and just tasted like it came from their freezer . even the water tasted weird.fortunately , we had a very nice and charismatic waiter and all of the staff wa very friendly . i will recommend the tgi friday out in south hill village over this one any day .
everyone is been to friday i am sure , but i enjoy the yucatan salad it is delicious . my child love friday it is usually there 1st choice . i also love the cajun chicken & shrimp pasta very very good .
dining outdoors after a bike ride on the rail trail . just the right venue for that.jack daniel rib and shrimp . the rib were divine . the shrimp not quite there -- i will say they were overdone . our server , ed , wa very attentive . i asked for celery in my bloody mary . not only did it come with a celery stalk in it , he brought over more celery . yummmm ... .
i had a gift card so i decided to use it for a to go order . the food tasted frozen and microwaved . nothing special just around average !
went with 5 others for a weeknight dinner . the server wa very friendly , but seemed a little overwhelmed . maybe they were short handed . the food wa to me not even average . i ordered a burger , which very overdone and dry . had to drown it in mayo to get moisture in it . my friend ordered nacho and what arrived looked like they had broken some taco shell down the middle , then put cheese and one jalapeño slice on each piece . imagine 6 half-moon of taco shell . not like any nacho i have ever seen , and more importantly not even the way they were served the three prior time my friend had ordered them .
came here the other day for a late lunch with a friend . the place wa pretty dead and we were seated right away . took 30 minute for our waiter to show up and we just order both drink and food then . took another 30 minute to just get our drink ( 2 beer on draft ) and table who were seated after u were served much faster then u . finally our food came ( soup , salad , boneless wing , and fry ) . a different server delivered the food and it looked like it had been sitting out for awhile . after being given our food we were completely ignored , along with others in our section . u and two other table waited over 45 minute just to try and ask for our check ( one table just got up and left ! ) being a server myself , i try to be very understanding to the wait staff . but this wa ridiculous , the restaurant wa not even close to busy and my section of about 5-6 table wa ignored .
a t.g.i . friday is is a t.g.i . friday is . you either like it or hate it . this location is pretty standard ; it ha the expected mash-up of decoration around the wall that try to give the place a laid-back lounge feel and there is nothing outstanding about the menu or what they offer food wise ( and like other friday is , it is not particularly easy to eat here if you are anything other than a meat lover ) .honestly i wa not expecting to eat here any time soon ; i had called a few day before eating here while planning a day out with friend and asked about reservation for a large group ( a it say on the t.g.i . friday is website that it is ideal to call ahead when you have a large party ) . however , i wa told on the phone that this location doe not accept reservation . so my friend and i looked elsewhere , and finally walked across the street to friday is after discovering just how darn long the wait at other restaurant were . at least friday is only had a 15 minute wait.once we were seated our meal went by pretty uneventfully . i remember that we had to repeat ourselves a lot to our waitress and i had wondered why she wa having trouble hearing u , but at least she wa willing to ask question and clarify thing a opposed to taking a potentially wrong order back to the kitchen . kudos . the food , a i mentioned earlier , wa standard t.g.i.friday is . nothing particularly wrong with it , just not that exciting either . i had actually found one of the only low-calorie item on the menu at the last minute - a steak and vegetable dish - and standard or not i wa honestly pretty happy with it . my steak wa surprisingly juicy , came out fairly pink and wa not overcooked at all ( i will ordered a medium temperature steak ) , and the simple and tasty vegetable offered a nice alternative to some of the other excessive dish i saw on the menu . not that that mattered after i ordered a rum punch cocktail , which mixed so much rum , fruit juice , sprite and other sugary beverage together that my teeth probably rotted a little bit in my head . it wa worth it , though - that drink wa a sweet , tall cup of heaven.this t.g.i.friday is really fit my exact definition of an `` a-ok '' place - it is not terrible , nor is it not exceptional . it is just a decent place to grab a bite or to enjoy a drink . i will consider coming back again , but admit that they would not be my first choice so much a a solid back-up plan for when other waterfront eatery are super busy .
i understand it a chain , and pretty standardized everywhere you go , but i found this location to be especially bad . first , when you walk in the restaurant ha a very stale grease smell that permeates throughout the restaurant , nothing visibly dirty , but smell like the entire joint need de-greased . second , the service , the host wa a typical younger girl , efficient without too much professionalism , not a big deal . the waitress , a `` professional '' , but unfortunately not in the way of experienced great service , but moreso a experienced in efficiently moving thing along . our food took a long time , and she 'saved ' herself by telling u that she did not know why our food wa not ready yet , but would check again , and of course , hot plate with luke-warm food came out soon after . she reeked of cigarette smoke , so i am going to make a dumb assumption and guess that is where she wa . the food , typical tgi-fridays food , good enough , for a chain restaurant . extremely unlikely that i will return .
friday seems to have gone down hill . i wa quite surprised when we went and there want a wait . i thought we had lucked out . we were seated quickly and our server came over quickly . there wa only one other table that had people in the section we were in . i ordered a jack daniel burger-cooked medium . our food came quickly . my burger wa well done and dry . without the jack daniel sauce there wa no flavor at all . the fry were pretty good.i wa sad to see how far down the quality of food had gone . thankfully our server did a nice job .
service wa very slow from the beginning.. it took a while for u to get our water . i ordered a blue raspberry slushie which also took awhile to be served . it tasted okay.. but the mango peach slushie wa way better ! you can change flavour ! we got the all you can eat appetizer for $ 10 but now you can only get refill on the same appetizer you ordered . whereas in the past , you could change the appetizer you ordered.so we got loaded potato skin which wa delicious . the skin wa crispy and the potato wa soft and the cheese wa so good ! the bacon bit were crispy ! we trie jack daniel and barbecue boneless wing . the jack daniel were my favourite . they were sweet and crispy ! the potstickers were very hot when they were first served and after awhile , the skin of the potsticker wa just really floury and chewy .
quite possibly the worst service and seating arrangement known to mankind . i can not believe this restaurant is actually redesigned to accommodate bigger crowd better . the wait staff did not even acknowledge our party of 9 . when they did they seated u at 2 different table because they could not figure out how to accommodate u . see my attached photo of how absurd the situation wa because they were not even busy .
i called ahead so we didnt have a long wait . i checked in when i got there recieved text from them a well a downloaded the no wait tip . all wa working until we had one in front and nothing socthey sat 4 more table and we ask and they dropped my reservation . luckily the lady at the booth saw my text from them and cleaned a table and sat u right away but that wa pretty frustrating being 9 month pregnant w a 6 yr old and my mother in law w back problem and having to stand there when we should have been seated . otherwise the food wa great i got endless apps and it wa so filling for the money . service wa excellent we had ed and we wa really great made the experience very pleasant so thank you to him . overall good experiance other than the reservation experiance and filthy bathroom ! !
today we dined indoors after a bike ride on the rail trail . i realized i will never been inside before , only out on the deck facing the trail/river . while i love the outdoors and would always choose that first , it wa not available today so inside we go . this particular friday is is nice inside with space between table . the one in monroeville seems quite a bit more cramped . the purpose of this update is to brag about their burger . omg ! this wa the best burger i have enjoyed for quite some time . i have been to specific burger joint that just simply try too hard and either i have had bread component that fell apart immediately upon being held or various edible entity on the burger that just did not go well together or overpowered the burger itself . here , i opted for the `` your call burger '' in which you select a cheese , a spread , and 2 topping for 11.95 and it come with fry . i opted for smoked gouda for my cheese , the truffle aioli for my spread and onion-bacon jam and crispy cajun onion for my topping . note that the spread come on the side which is nice a i did not use very much . again , let me rave about it and tell you this is the best burger i have had in a long time . the burger wa moist and juicy and well-complemented by the cheese/toppings/spread/bun . i ate every morsel plus the fry plus a small side salad and wa a happy diner.that is all . thank you .
my experience at this friday is wa not what i wa expecting . i am always looking for new friday is location to eat at . this one , made me want to toss the warm beer the bartender gave me , right in their face.anytime i go to a friday is i order one tall glass of the best beer in america , bud light . this beer is like champaign and it make my whole stomach nice and cold . well , like i said above , the bartender gave me a warm glass of beer and it wa not my bud light , it wa a dumb craft beer.what is a craft beer ? why wa my beer warm ? better than that , why wa my pot sticker appetizer in my beer ? i did not find this funny at all !
wa there today and never disappointed service is always high above average ! you get waited on fast and wa not disappointed with the waiter or waitress . they leave you alone while you eat and just come by and grab your drink and refill it ,
this place is kind of a hybrid of applebee is and cpk , which is not to say it is bad , but nothing to rave about either . i got their slider meal , which wa tiny ( for me ) and my friend got their steak ( which wa way tiny ) . the food wa fine and the service wa okay , but really felt like an applebee is knockoff ( and applebee is is not even worth knocking-offing anyway ) . 3 star
good food . i guess one reason i like this place is they do not hide how bad the food is for you . there is a little kiosk with all the calorie right by the door . all in all i get the flat bread pizza and really enjoy themthe steak are also good and the price is reasonable.service is always friendly and the establishment is kept really clean and neat
i did not know what to expect when i walked in , but i am now a fan . there is a cool way to review the menu on a touch kiosk to find out the calorie count . the place looked nice . it wa clean and really cool looking . the food wa really good and our waiter wa nice and friendly . i will be going back to try their pizza and other food . we had a burger , which wa really good , and we had the lobster slider . french fry were good to .
i do not care what cub and bull fan think , this steeler and penguin fan think deep dish pizza is not all that . first , the crust taste like a biscuit , and biscuit belong nowhere near or on a pizza . i will give unos a thumb up on it is flatbread , it is better pizza than some pizzeria in the area . when i look over uno is menu almost nothing excites me , this place is a dud . guess what ? chicagoans do not know how to eat hot dog either !
not quite authentic but good enough for pittsburgh . it is the only place that i have found that even come close to a classic chicago style deep dish.i also had the french onion soup that wa not bad . the crouton were still crunchy and it had just the right amount of cheese.my girlfriend really enjoyed her caesar salad and said she will come back just for the salad.overall , i enjoyed it and would come back the next time i get a craving for a deep dish pizza . it wa not authentic but it certainly wa not terrible .
i really do not know why i bother with chain restaurant anymore . now that my palate ha matured and i no longer think chicken finger and french fry are gourmet cuisine , i really can not find anything to eat in a place like this . my husband and i were running errand at the waterfront , and we needed to find a place for lunch . we decided on uno because pizza sounded good to u . my husband is a meat lover , so i agreed to let him order u a meat-covered pizza . to counteract this a little , i ordered a tomato mozzarella salad , so we will at least have some vegetable in the mix . when the salad arrived , it did not look like the picture . the menu description is thus : `` chopped lettuce , rom tomato with basil and garlic , buffalo mozzarella , drizzled with balsamic syrup . '' this description is accompanied by a bright , colorful picture of a salad with bright green lettuce , bright red tomato , and a delicate `` drizzling '' of balsamic syrup . it look light and yummy.what we got , however , wa soggy yellow and white iceberg lettuce , completely drenched in dressing , a total of four tiny piece of tomato , and some cheese . it wa disgusting . there wa so much dressing dripping off of this dish , it wa more like a soup than a salad . i suspect that the lettuce wa so wilted and brown , they figured they could disguise it by completely soaking it in dressing . not only wa it disgusting , but it cost u about $ 10 . $ 10 for complete inedible slop . the `` numero uno '' pizza we got wa nothing to write home about either . it wa ok ... very mediocre . the crust tasted like it wa undercooked , and the sauce tasted like plain tomato sauce with no seasoning whatsoever . i have been to chicago many time , had real chicago deep dish many time , and this just doe not even come close to the real thing . the only positive i give this restaurant is they have the kiosk in the front where you can look up the calorie count of the food right there . it would be better if they will actually print it on the menu , but they are still doing better than most restaurant in this effort . they are making stride , too , with their whole grain crust option . i am sure there is still a lot of room for improvement , however . if you are listening , uno , please work on providing your customer with healthier food - not just healthy option like salad , but work on making the main dish you serve better for your customer ( low-fat cheese , low-sugar sauce , le sodium , etc . ) . their heart will applaud you . and lastly , why doe every chain restaurant have to decorate with old sign ? is there some sort of chain restaurant decorating requirement i do not know about ? it is baffling .
awful everything . from the bad service , to the diluted soup , to the lame-no chicken on the chicken salad , to the pre-fabricated pizza . avoid this place !
i really love deep dish pizza . the thick crust that is crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside . the spicy , peppery sauce that can singe your tongue . the mixture of ingredient just sliding down your chin a it bubble out of your mouth . that being said , i really do not understand why people go to pizzeria uno . this chain ha done to the deep dish pizza what mcdonald is ha done to hamburger , pizza hut ha done to pan pizza , domino ha done to hand tossed pizza , and taco bell ha done to tex-mex ; it ha made it almost unpalatable . on our menu : french onionchicken bitespizza with pepperoni , hamburger , and romanolooking past the fact that the service wa not the best or the fact that the food came out undercooked and tepid in temperature , the food just wa not good . do not get me wrong , this is not the worst pizza i have ever eaten , but this chain is a perfect example of what happens when something becomes so prescribed , overhandled , and overthought that it no longer resembles the original piece of art that tasted so good . i really never want to return .
food wa ok had a steak w/ shrimp side as mashed potato . everything wa ok not a lot of flavor .
came here on a monday night . boy wa the place dead ! i wa the only only customer at 8:30pm . ordered a thin crust pizza with extra cheese , pepperoni and mushroom . it wa pretty good . could of used more cheese . i wa not in the mood for the heavy crusted deep dish pizza . this is my first time at this location but have been to several of the other location in the u . it wa just like the others . the caesar salad with anchovy wa very good . the service wa very poor . my waitress spent a lot of time chit-chatting with the hostess . it wa a chore to get water refill from her . they have big screen television in the bar area which can be seen from the restaurant .
i ate here at around 8:00 on a saturday night . reading the other review , it make me wonder if people were a the same restaurant i wa . sure , it is not a world class dining establishment , but it is decent considering it is a chain . you should know that going into any chain , really . it wa basically exactly what i expected in term of food quality and price.we were greeted immediately upon entering , and while the hostess went to grab menu , another server asked u if we were taken care of . service at our table wa very attentive and water and other beverage were promptly refilled . i ordered soup and two appetizer instead of an entree or pizza and the server made sure to ask me about the order in which i would prefer receiving my food . my fiance ordered a deep dish pizza and we know they take longer to make than other food item . it wa quicker than we thought it would be and he really enjoyed it . i had the potato skin appetizer . it reminds me of a `` baked potato pizza '' that i used to enjoy at a local place back in buffalo . it wa delicious , especially with the addition of a little bit of hot sauce.overall , it doe not even come close to visiting an uno is in chicago , but then again , when doe a copy every live up to the original ? it will not be a regular location in our dining rotation , but it is good to know that when we have a craving for deep dish , uno will do the trick and cost a lot le than a trip to chicago .
my girlfriend made reservation here for my bachelorette party last saturday . i highly suggest that you make reservation because we were able to just walk right in and sit down . there were people there waiting 30 minutes+ . we had the sangria which wa amazing . our sever alex recommend it and it wa perfect for the 4 of u . i had their thin crust pepperoni pizza which really hit the spot . my two friend had salad which they said were amazing and my other friend joined me in ordering a pesto chicken pizza . let is just say there wa not any food left on the table when we were finished . i will be back for sure .
pizza ok on it is own nothing great . definitely not worth the restaurant price . definitely not like pizzeria uno in chicago . are they even related or are they just using their name and trademark .
the menu is outstanding but the pizza and beer is too expensive . for 2 personal pizza ( the size of pizza hut ) 2 beer and 2 salad , we paid over $ 50 buck . the personal pizza alone were $ 11 each ... if you want pizza and beer go somewhere else-pasta appetizer , or sandwich ... this place is good .
well this visit started off good . i wa seated right away , no wait . wa given a good beer selection of some pa craft beer . ordered the traditional deep dish pizza , but with no onion . now after we ordered , it just went downhill from there . wa never asked if i wanted another beer , the waitress just gave me more water . my pizza still had onion in it . which i stated right off the bat , that i did not blame the girl who took my order . i know cook can not read . i wa one for many year . mistake happen , and the manger took care of it and took the item off my bill . no complaint , still ate the food and it wa good . just not a fan of onion on my pizza . now onto the bill , the server continues to tell me that she wa sorry for the mistake and declares she told the cook not to add onion . i already said it wa taking care of and there is no worry . she go on to say that the next day wa her birthday , and if i felt like leaving all my money a a tip , it would not go unnoticed . i took this a a joke a i had told her earlier i worked in the industry . when i hand over the gift card i had on hand , she come back and again repeat herself , tell me that cash a a tip is preferred a she doe not have to claim it at the end of the night . and again if i felt like leaving her all my money , she would just be so freaking happy . let me explain one thing and hopefully i am very clear on it . no server , and i mean no server anywhere , should ever ask a guest or customer for a tip , yet alone , do it twice ! so out of kindness , which i should not have left anything by this point . i left a nice tip for the cost of what food i did have to pay for.bottom line , the food wa good for the price , but the service from this one person a i do not know how the rest of the server are . wa just horrible .
i think the location in homestead ha ruined this place . dirty dirty dirty.bathrooms unkept , entry door handle and window filthypizza had too much sauce on it and wa drenched . server wa coarse , not refinedserving item were old and rusty . temperature of food wa not hotlow quality , but probably ok with pittsburgher s
unos ha been around for ever , & i feel like this restaurant chain peak in popularity in the 80 is . honestly the decor inside still kind of look 80 to me even though it nice with sleek booth and exposed brick.if you have not died and he recently i ordered you to come back and have a meal here again because honestly the food is really quite good ! they have the best chicken salad wrap ever ! i love that rap so much i want agreed to walk the south side river trail from where the steelers practice all the way to the damn waterfront just because i knew that i could convince my boyfriend to go to unos with me for lunch . full disclosure : i made him call is a cab and we took a taxi back to the parking lot after lunch.listen ... the food and pizza and service are very good , surprisingly so ! i do not know why this place is not busier but next time you are down at the waterfront please do consider dining here !
all in favor of a deep dish pizza say i ! ... ... .iiiiiii , ok now that i have that out of my system . this place is such a great hangout/eat-in spot . i had not been here and year and some friend invited u out for the evening . i wa so glad they were paying cause i wa low on fund at the time.we arrived on a friday night and of course it wa busy there . we waited about 10 minute to get a table which wa not bad considering the crowd . we looked over the menu and they have so many great choice . pizza , pasta , appetizer , seafood , burger , salad and sandwich . after ordering two mango lemonade that were wayyyyy over sweetened we ordered our food . we both are going gluten free which is tough but uno is gave u a nice selection of dish to choose from . plus ! they make a thin crust gluten free pizza which taste great . my hubby ordered the mediterrean thin crust because he love kalamata olive and i ordered the guac-alicious burger with a caesar side salad . my salad came out pretty quick which wa nice but it had a little too much dressing on it . i did not complain , it still tasted great.i am not into red meat so i tried to order a black bean burger or get chicken instead of beef , but the ran out of black bean and they could not get the chicken so i just ordered it anyway . the burger wa piled really high with all the topping including guacamole and it wa very creamy but i could not get over the taste of the burger because it just did not have any flavor . very saddening . i ended up just eating the veggie and discarding the meat . i snacked on some of my hubby pizza even though it wa only a small amount . we came here twice in one week . the second time we ordered the 9-grain deep dish with mushroom , parmesan and a garlic white sauce . wa this pizza amazing or what ? ? i will probably always eat this pizza whenever i come . only down side is slow service . it took 20 minute for our pizza to come out and my hubby wa a little over cooked . he got the numero uno which wa ok but mine had way more flavor ! !
wham ! 4 star outta the park ! the deep-dish pizza we had wa amazing . i wa not crazy about the avocado egg roll , but the chocolate chip sundae wa superb . great service too from maranda , a doll . decor is cute . ambience is lively . recommended .
pizza is a staple for me . i love everything about crunch crust , a nice rich tomato sauce , and a thick layer of melted cheese . i have never tried chicago style pizza before and when we had to rescue our friend from car trouble , uno is wa right there so we decided to try it out . only a 30 minute wait for a saturday is pretty good for any restaurant in the waterfront . we were seated at a booth in the bar area . the table were clean and it wa a big booth so the four of u were not squished . only complaint , the bar wa loud and when they did blended drink you had to pause your conversation because the blender were so loud . good news , only happened twice ! the four of u decided to order two pizza , the pepperoni and the farmer market . i also ordered a caesar salad because i needed more vegetable in my life . the salad . it wa a big salad that i shared with my boyfriend . the crouton were huge and very crunchy . the caesar dressing wa not creamy , it wa vinegar based and had a little bit of a `` bite '' to it a chris kept on saying . i thought the bite had more to do with the vinegar than anything spicy , but who am i to say . the lettuce wa fresh and crunchy and they even added tomato like i requested . the main dish came out about 10 minute later . i do not know what i wa expecting but the pizza were not a large a i wa imagining . two of the larger pizza looked like personal pizza to me . but ! ! ! ! i wa soon to see that even if they are a bit smaller they were filled to perfection . the farmer market pizza had caramelized onion , spinach , sun dried amazing tomato , regular tomato , eggplant , pesto a a sauce , and a blend of cheese . the crust wa perfection being so crisp and light that i stole chris ' extra from his plate . the sun dried tomato were great adding just enough sweetness to the pizza that i went looking for the slice with the most on them . it wa a really really good pizza . we even ended up taking slice home with u ! my eye deceived me at first with the size ! then our friend told u that we had to try the cookie pizza . cookie pizza ? what sorcery is this ? matt , the one who suggested it said that we would not be disappointed . this cookie came out in a really large , bigger than our pizza , dish . it had three scoop of icecream on it with a pile of whipped cream . warm , right out of the oven , fresh cookie pizza . oh sweet heaven , it wa good . i am glad that i had enough room in my stomach to pile in that sweet goodness . chicago pizza , i would absolutly try again .
i had the deep dish pizza and it wa very good ! the individual size wa smaller than i expected for $ 12 but i wa not starving so it wa very filling . our waitress april wa very nice and attentive for how busy it wa . we had about a 30 minute wait but it wa worth it ! i can not wait to try it again !
well , it started well . food wa okay . deep dish pizza wa good . but the salad we had - too tiny portion ! ! ! we were greeted and seated well . but later the service wa not all good . bad bad service . first of all we had to ask for everything we wanted . the server did not even had courtesy to ask if we wanted anything more or would like to go for desert . she just handed over the check when we even did not ask for it ( we wanted to order more ) .later when we talked about this in the front , the girl there also just listened and said `` okay '' , not even a sorry once ! ! ! i would not like to go there again ... : (
while visiting relative in somerset we decided to go shopping in the nearby town of homestead . my aunt insisted that we have lunch at uno is pizzeria & grill a the food wa delicious . when we arrived i had to admit that i wa impressed with the decor and atmosphere of the place . it wa fairly crowded for a weekday but we were seated in le than ten minute . the waitress wa friendly and knowledgeable about the menu answering all our question with ease . i settled on a turkey , bacon and avocado sandwich and old fashioned tomato soup after looking over the menu several time . they have a variety of dish guaranteed to please all age . the food arrived in no time and wa delicious ! the portion were just right for lunch , i wa definitely ready for an afternoon of shopping . the four of u had item off the two for u lunch menu , our bill wa le than $ 30 which meant that i might could afford the shoe i wanted to buy ! my aunt wa right , you can not visit homestead without stopping to eat at uno pizzeria & grill , it is fantastic ! !
wa very disappointed with the food . it wa overcooked and not seasoned very well
it get 5 star cause it jog up a memory . back before pizza hut turned into a fast food restaurant , the pizza hut my grandfather used to take me to wa a really nice restaurant . and this location ha the same look and feel a the old pizza hut before it went take out . so this is the old style pizza hut . very family orientated dining style . you can sit here for hour . and so we did . we had a heap of use in a long table.i ordered one of the small pizza which were buy 1 get one free . disappointed in the selection of that . seeing other choice ... i regretted going on the cheap . price are moderate . 12 for a little pizza ... but with all the dough , you get full . can not say i walked away hungary . nor did i finish my second mini pizza . i want to come back and get that spanich fetta looking pizza !
nice place but some of the item on the menu are not available unless you get a 2 for 12 but that is not what the online menu state . and it is a salad come on..
last week wa my first visit to this place . the raspberry tea wa amazing . we got the app sampler , it wa very good except for the homemade guacamole . i ordered a side salad , hardly any dressing on it , and not very fresh . i ordered the stuffed chicken with broccoli & grilled vegetable . waited along time for the entrée . the chicken wa good but a small portion . the broccoli & veggie were water logged . lot of water on the plate . tried my friend fried shrimp , it wa good with good flavor . might have just been who wa in the kitchen that night so i would give it another shot .
i would write anthem , poem , novel about their pizza . i have dreamed of their pizza since i wa a child . my only encounter with my beloved uno wa when my mother came home with a take out box that she ordered for lunch that day . i would scarf down the thick wedge of pizza and greedily pick off the loose topping from the box . the cold 4 hour old pizza ha since plagued my mind . i desperately tried to find an uno but found that the nearest one had closed down . closed down . my dream were crushed , my psyche disturbed . i had become a changed person . i wanted more . i needed more . my mother stopped coming home with uno take out box . i stopped eating pizza . i hated the flimsy crust that were just cheap variant from my beloved uno , i despised the new york style that you could so easily fold . feh , i would resign from eating pizza till i had my precious . my precious , my uno deep dish . it wa not until that fated day when i drove past an uno . the neon light called out to me , it wa like seeing heaven for the first time . i stumbled into the uno . dazed , the smell wa like nothing i had ever experienced on this green earth . there wa nothing i could compare it too . i sat down and ordered the numero uno with a side of fry . `` no not personal ... regular . '' i wanted the entire thing , not just a wedge of a dream . i wanted the whole thing . it came out , steaming . bubbling . oozing . fresh . so fresh . i took a bite - the cheese wa perfectly melted . and then another - the dough wa so thick and tasteful . and then another - ooh that sausage ... until there wa nothing left . i had achieved my dream . but i will be back for more . i will be back..for my precious . but the fry were mediocre .
how doe this place still exist of every place on the waterfront ! i will not lie , i do like their lobster bisque but every time i have gone it is just over priced , average quality with semi ok service.skip this place all together and get pizza at pizza company and take it home .
i am glad that western pennsylvania ha one remaining outlet for the great chicago-style deep dish pizza offered by uno , it pioneer . dining here brought back memory of an excellent meal i enjoyed in chicago last month at uno subsidiary , pizzeria due.the restaurant is attractive and comfortable , and the outdoor seating by the river a delight . the table outside , though , are too close and if all are occupied , one can hear every word of what is said at neighboring tables.the spinach and chicken pizza , appetizer of zucchini chip and spinach and artichoke dip were all delicious , but the zucchini wa extremely salty.our server wa pleasant and attentive , performing many quality check . $ 20.99 is a lot to pay for a pizza , but the deep dish pie are hearty and plenty for two people . $ 7.75 for a small glass of house wine is excessive . the $ 4.99 tariff for the single serving appetizer wa fair for the quality and the portion sizes.the weak link wa the young lady who seated u . she wa glum , unfriendly , and without a smile . instead of saying `` enjoy your meal '' when seating customer , she say , `` there you are . '' how a customer is greeted can set the tone for a meal and this is an important facet of the front of the house operation . at the cheesecake factory , the host staff is trained to engage the customer in pleasant conversation while leading the guest to the table . the individual at uno got u off to a poor start . a nice touch would be for a manager to provide a quality check and make the diner feel welcome .
my kid who are 3 and 5 ordered the make your own pizza . i initially had some reservation but it wa actually fun for them and tasted pretty good too . i will suggest it for anyone looking to do something sort cool with their kid for dinner .
possibly the worst overpriced pizza there is . nearly $ 20 for a pepperoni pizza for two would be okay if it were good . crust is extremely dry and unflavorful.if you want a good deep dish pizza , try burgh pizza and wing pub in bridgeville . their deep dish is thicker , tastier crust , better sauce , and a lot more cheese/toppings . cheaper too.service wa just barely adequate on this visit .
nice place to grab a bite and a beer . service is quick , friendly and accurate . they have got a respectable selection of craft beer and the atmosphere is very clean and comfortable . good view of the tv from any angle in the bar area ( watching a bucco is game at the moment ) and the bar itself is full service . the baked stuffed spinoccoli chicken that i had wa delicious . i have no idea why i do not come here more often ... i should !
this wa my first time at an uno is in about ten year . my kid ordered pizza which wa just ok . i however wa pleasently surprised with what i ordered , the bbq firehouse chicken sandwich wa absolutely awsome . two big thumb up for the sandwich . wait staff wa friendly and attentive .
the only reason to come here is because it is a fun place to eat . it sure is not the food . too much dressing in a salad that did not even fill the bowl . like so many before it , unos is making me leave hungry . it wa a salad with walnut , goat cheese , and blueberry , and while it wa good , there wa absolutely no value in this meal . one of these day i will learn to stop eating at big chain restaurant , kind of like not shopping at big box store . it is a nice atmosphere and generally crowded and loud . some would call it fun and i think it is . but , sometimes it is worth a little extra to get what you really want and need in a meal . that is what add value . in the future these place will be relegated to the last ditch effort when nothing else is available . only in a pinch .
stopped in for lunch on a sunday , small crowed for 12:30 on a football day , our server wa very friendly , took 5 try is before i found a beer that they had in stock but we made it , i am crazy when it come to craft beer and trying the selection you have but keep them in stock it is not that hard anymore , had the 2 for $ 12.99 , i had the chicago classic and italian salad both out standing salad wa very large and pizza wa just the right size for a lunch , all in all great place for lunch just buy some beer
met my family here after work on a weekday . not many people dining here at the time but our dinner seemed to take longer then they should have considering not very busy . a we were waiting on our pizza the waitress handed u a trivia game console to use . we played 2 game of trivia and the game of life . the pizza came and the crust wa very dry and not much flavor to it . when we were presented with our check we noticed a charge of $ 1.99 that we did not know what it wa for . when we asked what the charge wa for they charged u for the game that we played on the console that they gave u while waiting for our dinner . i have never heard of anything like it . i wonder how many people used the game and were charged the fee and paid it without noticing it on the bill considering it wa hidden discreetly in the middle of the bill . then when we were ready to pay the bill with cash . we could not get our server to come and take payment . wa very disappointed . it will probably be awhile before i go back if ever .
i used to come here a lot about 4-5 year ago . but then i stopped for one reason or another.i came back again tonight after the long hiatus , and i wa disappointed . the deep dish personal pepperoni pizza wa not very good -- the sauce tasted bland , the crust tasted oily and a bit overcooked or stale , and there wa not much flavor to the cheese . i have not been feeling well and thought it might just be me , but my husband tried it and said the same thing . he also said his chicken parmesan sauce tasted bland.i feel bad -- it wa a little like looking at an old taylor swift album you used to love five year ago , except now you realize the song were sappy and she looked completely different . i used to love uno , but it is not at all what i remembered it to be .
love the honey crisp chicken salad . it is my go-to dish here . i actually crave it . nuff said . you can feel free to order pizza . i will stick with my salad .
i have come here on many occasion , my food is usually great ! it can be greasy but usually still very tasty . i wa very disappointed today however . we got the shroom pizza . they did not even use fresh mushroom , obviously canned ... .c'mon unos , get it together !
today wa a good day at uno . when you join the uno reward program , you receive coupon and point . today wa kid eat free for the holiday . the kid menu ha an make your own pizza option , which is always a fun activity for them . they also have a choice of a personal pizza ( not a make your own ) , mac and cheese , tiny dino chx nugget , kid slider , and hot dog , and more . they also had a good choice of side for them a well . fry , grape , broccoli , a side salad , and rice . the lunch menu is what we ordered from today , which is a must when you go for lunch . they have a pick 2 menu with 3 pick option . $ 6.99 you can get a choice of endless soup bar with 4 different soup , and a choice of salad . $ 7.99 you get a choice of endless soup bar and either a pizza of the day or sandwich or a salad . and the 8.99 choice ( i did not make it that far on the menu for choice ) , i think it wa a choice of salad and a choice of either pizza or pasta dish ? the kid personal pizza wa about 8 inch and filling . the mac and cheese wa also big and had a side of a breadstick . both choice were good portion size to fill my lil one belly . the honey crisp chicken salad wa a dinner size ( it wa big ) , with lettuce , tomato , red bell pep , onion , cheddar cheese , little crisp , and crispy chicken tender , topped with a honey mustard dressing . it wa a big portion and very delish . the 2nd choice wa a personal deep dish pizza . very good . the soup bar today had minestrone , clam chowder , broccoli and cheddar , and tomato . all the soup at the bar were served warm and very tasteful . and the fact that they had tobasco at the bar , won my heart . the second lunch choice wa a flat bread prosciutto and arugula . the flat bread wa brushed with a garlic and oil , with mozzarella , then the prosciutto and arugula , red bell pepper and topped with a balsamic glaze ! it wa the regular dinner size and so yum for half the cost ! the amount of food they serve you for the lunch special is beyond my understanding . i just do not know how they do it . the food wa very good and the service wa very good a well . this is a definite return choice for lunch again soon . very pleased !
good food good service . went today around 5 pm and had a female waitress and a trainee and both were excellent and attentive . the tablet on the table are entertaining and fun . it a bit pricey for u but nice once in a while .
wa at this location a week ago and it wa ok like any chain restaurant is until the bartender did not wash her hand after leaving the restroom . my girlfriend took her daughter back and while in there the employee came out of the stall and walked right out the door . if this is what they do in front of guest then i will what they do out of our view . can not handle basic cleanliness then this is not a place to eat at .
strawberry walnut salad wa excellent - tender chicken , fresh strawberry and mixed green , and perfectly sweet candied walnut with feta cheese sprinkled throughout ! the roasted eggplant , spinach , and feta flatbread also tasted fresh , which surprised me considering the short wait of 5 minute or so . the entire dish wa layered with thick slice of tomato , and i liked actually being able to taste the eggplant . the pesto sauce wa prominent without overpowering the other element of the dish . well worth the $ 12 pick and choose price imo . i did find a curly , black , and fine strand of hair at the side of the salad plate , so a small star off for that.i had a coupon for a free dessert , so i asked for the mini chocolate peanut butter cup . it wa good but not memorable . i liked that there were mini chocolate chip with the peanut butter though . i am not sure if the outer chocolate wa intended to be rock hard or if the cold ice cream on it had simply hardened it , but it wa extremely difficult to cut through with a mere spoon . for a free dessert , it satisfied me though . the server , christy b , wa very friendly and attentive throughout the meal a well !
food wa delicious -- try the pizza and steak and mini dessert ! fry were extremely salty . star off because table were dirty , wait wa long to receive food and water were not refilled . 3.5 star because they comped our dessert due to wait .
we went with a coupon around 4pm on a sunday so it wa rather empty . it is a family-friendly restaurant but do not go for the food ; go for the atmosphere or the evening deals.my bf ordered the whole hog burger which wa packed with topping ( and it is price reflected that ) . it wa greasy . unremarkable . he ate only half which is rare for him . it did come with sweet potato fry and delicious onion rings.i ordered the nine grain farmer market individual deep dish pizza . it wa dry which detracted significantly from a good flavor . i have been to the other uno pizzeria in the area and i loved my pizza but i had a normal crust so maybe that wa a factor . overall , service wa good . food okay .
poor management , plenty of empty table , but line is still over an hour . waitress had a negative attitude when we asked to have another minute to look at the menu & stormed off .
we woke up late and missed the breakfast hour of our favorite place . we needed to go to the waterfront for errand so we decided to have lunch there . it wa around 11:30 and the restaurant wa mostly empty . they say is in the back near the doorway to the kitchen . we were waiting and waiting for our waitress to come . during that time we realized that there wa a child is birthday party 2 table away . there were 3 table of young boy and a table of parent . they were mostly well behaved but they were loud ! ! our waitress finally came and took our order . while we were waiting for food there wa a waitress standing right inside the kitchen door complaining about her day job . she went on and on about how bad it wa and how she wa looking for a new job . so in one ear i had a complaining waitress and birthday party in the other . we were about to get up and leave when our food came . i had the wedge salad . it wa ok but not something i would order again . my husband is salad , italian chopped , wa better . it had a brightness that my salad lacked . if i ever went back , and that is a big if , i would order that salad . i had the personal size chicago pizza . it had huge chunk of tomato , sausage , and cheese . for something that took so long to get it should have been hot . it wa room temperature . i only ate half . my husband got the ziti with sausage . it wa salty . i managed one bite and wa done . my husband ha a higher tolerance for salt so he wa able to eat it . what we came away with from this experience is to leave . do not try to stay when the experience is that bad . we were throughly disappointed .
it is basically the only chicago style pizza in the burgh . not having had authentic chicago style pizza , i do not know how this chain is pizza compare . however , the pizza is decent . the crust is thick and buttery and the topping are abundant . however , do not be fooled , they serve up much more than pizza and sometimes , it is nice to have that variety when you are coming with a large party and when not everyone want pizza . i like the versatility here with the varied menu . sometimes , i do not even come here for the pizza . while the pizza is definitely the star of the show , their steak is also pretty tasty a are the sandwich . the food is enjoyable but the main reason why this is a go-to for me and my friend is because the service is usually very quick here . there rarely is a wait and the wait staff get u in and out right in time to make it to a movie . with food being rather consistent , it is hard to go anywhere else and chance the long wait time .
the service and food here are always on point . everything i have tried ha been so good . the dessert , you have to get ! !
service is always great at bath & body . you know you are going into a scent filled area . i can spend a mint in here . service at this location in particular ha always been great . even on the busiest of black friday . i am guessing good management and good training . b & b always asks for an email address , by i no longer get email coupon . ? ? like for year . i get them in the usps , but why ask for email address then ? update*** i asked about the email coupon to the sale associate . she instructed me to call the number on the receipt to let them know i am not receiving . she also gave me a 20 % off coupon because mine i found online wa only for online purchase . much appreciated !
stopped in after leaving a friend house and avoiding going home to do laundry . i love bbw & especially the holiday collection . the employee wa very friendly . she gave me her opinion on her favorite and told me about the buy 3 , get 3 free holiday sale they had going on . she sang and hummed the holiday music being played while i enjoyed browsing and checking out the item . love bbw !
since i practically live at the loft just a couple door away , i occasionally drop by bath & body work a i am walking to or from the store . just a couple day ago , i could not resist bath & body when i saw their semi-annual sign posted out front . not only did i purchase several candle and a car freshener for the bargain price of $ 30 total , but i wa so impressed by the customer service . the store wa buzzing but i wa checked on several time . my cashier wa just a friendly and also had a lot of product knowledge . i will definitely return to this location !
if i could give 100 star i would . everytime i stop in here the service is phenomenal !
love the store selection but hate how the girl chase you around to tell you their sale . if i wanted to know i will ask ! ! !
interesting the review here are le than stellar already . i would normally not review a chain retail store , but the service i received today just really got my blood boiling.i will state , a i always do in these type of situation , that i have worked many year in retail . i know what you are supposed to do . i know the way i have displayed exemplary service and i know the way i have slacked off . i get it , i really do.so i am in the store early . hardly any people in there . weird for the semi-annual sale time of year . usually it doe not matter what time you are there during the sale , it is always busy . i went through my usual bin and picked up a mess of undies and bra . since no one wa at the check out counter and i needed a spot to go through thing , i set them down and started to try and chat with the sale chick . i actually always like to do this , just to shoot the breeze , but also to get their opinion on item i am buying . the girl behind the counter wa having non of this though.i asked her about a bra and she said she did not know about that one , but said it should work . i understand , you can not try them all . but the thing that really irked me wa that she wa definitely not hiding her annoyance at me setting down my thing on the counter . i even looked back to make sure there were no people checking out behind me . ghost town . tumbleweed rolled by . no one.so i am going through my stuff and separating what i want and do not want and she is sighing and grabbing thing saying `` soooo , you do not want these ? ? ? '' um , i am not asking you to help me sort thing . i am not holding up a line . i am just trying to not spend $ $ $ on an accidental x pair of undies that got mixed in ! after that , it is not exactly what she said , but how she acted . i have never felt more uncomfortable in a retail store before . i ended up grabbing my discard and putting them back myself ( which i really do not mind doing , but after she huffed and puffed , i did not even want to deal with her ) . the thing is , i wa nice the entire time . i do not expect you to sit there and be sugary sweet either . just do what you were hired to do . be nice and sell some bra . if you come to work in a bad mood , the real world is not going to give you a hug . suck it up and do your job or work where you do not have to talk to anyone else ever .
icy cold staff . i have never visited a store with such a bad staff . i went there to return a dress that i bought online . it did not fit me and all the sale girl ganged up around me and looked at me so horribly , judging me continuously with their eye going from my head to toe . after some time , they told me twice that it wa such a cute dress while lingering on it like looking at their dead pet . i know it wa a cute dress , the very reason why i bought it at the first place . it is not my fault that they do not have dress in the store to try them on . dress are only available online . i had to wait for them to get over with their mourning and then someone to volunteer to process the return so i could get out of that store and breathe .
i usually have good luck at this store , and , aside from goodwill , it is where i get my work slack and jean . i find there is a good classic to trendy clothing ratio here , so i can get a great white button up shirt or basic tee , and peruse the more trendy-ish item . there is always a great sale , and the salesperson are friendly . it is a good bargain to get the ann taylor credit card ( and pay it off every month ) because you will get lot of great coupon for in-store and online shopping .
within the last six month , loft ha become my go-to store for top . my daily commute take me by the waterfront every day , so it is easy to pop into this location and check out their newest inventory . loft doe a great job of turning inventory quickly . every couple week , the store ha new product with a full clearance section . i am also signed up for the brand is email so i know when promotion are going on . they offer 30-40 % off the store every month or so ( generally around major holiday ) and also offer 40-50 % off clearance pretty frequently.i enjoy the layout and store appearance much better than ross park and robinson . ross park is store is very bland , and robinson is currently in a temporary store . shopping in an environment with bright fluorescent light and boring white wall is just terrible , so i enjoy the waterfront is pretty street-side location best.the employee at this location are just ok . sometimes i am cheerfully greeted at the front door but am generally ignored the entire time that i am shopping . i recently had a very attentive sale associate who opened a fitting room for me when my arm were becoming full , but i thought that i noticed someone with a district manager vibe lurking around , which probably encouraged the associate is motivation . i actually had a very negative experience at this store during a recent sale event . the event ended at 7pm on a weekday , and i rushed to the store after getting off work . i hurried around the store and jumped into line at 7:02pm . all associate abandoned the register at 7pm , totally ignoring me and the other two girl waiting in line . when i wa finally helped several minute later , the snippy associate told me that the discount may or may not go through ... that corporate determined when the discount wa turned off . ok , that is great , but then why did you totally ignore me and your other customer for several minute ? did you want u to not get the discount ? i wa appalled by the rudeness of both the associate and a manager i spoke with earlier in the evening , who wa equally rude about the sharp end time of the discount . what made the situation much worse is that a good friend of mine wa a manager at loft a couple year ago and told me that ringing up after 7pm would not be a problem . hah , well it wa a problem at the waterfront location ! the only reason that i gave loft 4 star is because i love the brand , discount , and quality of product a a whole . the staff at this location is sub-par and do not reflect the brand well . i hope that loft doe not lose customer based on negative customer service experience ... . they are lucky that i like the product enough to ignore some occasional rudeness .
i love this particular loft store ! everything is nicely set and the atmosphere is relaxing . the quality of clothes is really good and i do believe it is good value for money . they usually have more chic and classic clothes which i love . the staff is exceptional here . i love that they are really trying to help finding the right clothes for you instead of telling you `` how beautiful everything look on you '' . i always feel welcomed and i really do appreciate the fact that i am not being approached by a staff member every two minute ( this unfortunately happens in a lot of other store in this area ) . this store feel more personal . combine that with quality and affordable clothes and happy staff member and you definitely have a new regular customer !
when i lived in los angeles a year and a half ago , p f chang is wa no great shake , one of million of place with good but not outstanding stuff on the menu.here in pittsburgh , it is the only chinese place i have found that combine genuinely good service with quality food . not , perhaps , a good a what you can get in la is top place , but fantastic compared to it competition here.the kung pao chicken is particularly good , with delicious fried chicken cube and the usual hot sauce and chile . chicken with lettuce wrap is good too.their fried noodle dish with chicken , whose name i have forgotten , is addictive but ha an odd sauce i do not quite like . still , they get the friedness of the noodle right , and there are precious few ... ahem ... no other restaurant around here that do.portions are small , so either plan to get an appetizer and an entree or expect to leave almost a hungry a you came . the minced chicken in lettuce wrap appetizer is outstanding and you get about the same amount of food a in one of their entrees.if you live in la , forget p f chang is . if you live in nyc , i am sure there are a dozen better place on a single block . but here in pittsburgh , it is just about the best place around .
i hate this place.it is very loud , the service is very poor , and the food is so-so.if you want good chinese in pittsburgh , try china palace ( shadyside ) or sesame inn ( station square or north hill ) . they are quieter , with very good food & service .
any place that accommodates with a special dietary menu for a little known disease get five star from me . p.f . chang is ha a dedicated gluten-free menu for those of u who suffer from celiac disease . they also make sure to clean down the area they prepare the specialty dinner so a to avoid cross-contamination . i do not know many other restaurant that go this far.aside from the menu preference , i enjoy my overall experience every time . their menu is a bit different than that of what most people will be used to if you regularly eat a chinese take-out or buffet joint . do not expect this to be at all like that . it is not a buffet . they do not sell `` general tso is '' ( though chang is spicy chicken is recommended for those looking for something similar , it is my personal favorite ) or other signature food that you may expect . they do sell very similar item with different name and a few of their own adjustment , just make sure to read the menu description and ask question if you are not sure . they also sell sake , i believe they have a few different type . the price can get a bit more expensive than your average chinese restaurant depending on what you get but it is well worth it . portion are excellent and the taste is great . i have yet to have one complaint and i have frequented this establishment several time over the span of a few years.the only downside , it can be a little crowded and a bit loud . it is also very dark because of their lighting . however , i think it set the atmosphere . it can be a romantic place or a casual place , i have been there for both .
wa not terrible , but certainly wa not great.save your hard-earned cash .
redo ! i went to pf chang is several year ago and wa not pleased with the food that wa presented to me . my issue : i thought i wa getting chinese food . my resolution : try this restaurant again knowing that it is just reinvented american food with name of those chinese dish i actually like to eat.so we returned to pf chang is for lunch to try this american food in this caricature of a chinese restaurant . there were very few people in the restaurant . the two of u were seated in the largest corner booth and left to review our menu . when our waitress finally arrived we ordered the following item : coca colaiced teapan fried pork dumplingssesame chicken lunch with white rice and egg drop soupchangs chicken with white riceour drink and my soup came out immediately . unfortunately i wa brought the wrong soup and the server had disappeared before i had a chance to say anything . i could see her across the barren wasteland that wa the dining room and we even made eye contact several time , but at no point could i get her to come back to my table . i tried the soup and wa disgusted with it and placed it at the end of the table . i did not know what it wa and did not want to know . almost ten minute later she arrived quite happy with the job she wa doing and asked how the food wa . i asked if she could bring out some egg drop soup . i did not expect to get the stink-eye.my egg drop soup wa brought out with the dumpling a well a the caddy of different sauce and oil . the server really wa not that into the experience , but again gave me the stink-eye when i told her that mixing the sauce wa unnecessary since i knew what each of them wa and would be able to mix them myself . i mixed the rice vinegar , chili oil , chili paste , and soy sauce ( my guess is that it wa supposed to be tamari ) to create a dipping sauce for our dumpling . i took a bite of the soup and it wa somewhat better than the other soup , but it wa still brown . i ate half the bowl and left the rest for the server . it wa thick and gooey and the flavor did not wow . i saw no reason to continue . i moved on to the dumpling , which had an okay flavor to them . the skin were a bit thick and doughy . the meat on the inside did not balance this attribute at all . the sauce tasted a little odd so i tried to remix and it wa still off . i tried the component individually and found that some of them were either old , stale , or rancid . we finished our dumplings.our lunch entree arrived . i had ordered mine extra-spicy , but i guess it came pittsburgh hot ( super mild ) and had a lackluster flavor at best . the meat wa tough and the sauce tasted of soy sauce more than anything else . i tried some of chang is chicken and wa equally mollified . this wa supposed to be their version of general tso is chicken . now i have never had a general is chicken that wa the same at any place . it is always different . many of them are good in different way . this food , though , it wa not good . chang is chicken fell into the same category a the sesame chicken -- since it tasted mainly of soy sauce -- with the addition sugar . i just do not understand how anyone can like this place . even the yoshida sauce you get at sam's/costco taste better .
honestly , i am furious . i enjoyed pf chang is restaurant in the chicago area , and my wife and i have eaten a few time at this pittsburgh-area location . over the last year , we have tried repeatedly , but the 90-120 minute wait for dinner is unacceptable . we tried going early , late -- it never made any difference . the front staff wa rude , and the wait wa too long.tonight , we had a special date planned , and made reservation a week in advance . we came in the door exactly on time , waited in the line to see the front staff , and we were promptly handed a pager . they could not tell u when we would be seated.i imagined a short wait , so we went outside , crossed into a store to wait ( since the entrance of this location is so packed , it is impossible to wait at the bar or in the meager seating ) .after 20 minute we gave up . we went back to pf chang is and the front office staff still could not tell u when we would be seated . i saw open tables.what on earth is the point of accepting reservation if you do not honor them ? the food here is good , but certainly not great . we went to a local thai place and were seated with no problem in 5 minute . the food wa much better , the service wa good even in a crowded busy restaurant . oh , and the local place wa a much more reasonable price.we certainly will never visit pf chang is again .
star are for the food only . 2.5 ratinggot there at 8pm on saturday night , they told u it wa an hour wait which wa expected , but it only took 30minutes to be seated so that wa a bonus . started off with the lettuce wrap and i used to be a fan of these but they just seem to bore me now ( fyi-love the lettuce wrap at the cheesecake factory ) . i had the singapore rice noodle . this wa so so a i thought immediately that lu lu noodle and asian cafe are better . the fried rice wa disappointing and the vegetable tasted raw . some good note were the dynamite shrimp , plump , juicy , tangy with a small kick . sweet and sour chicken wa just the same minus the kick . the service wa annoying . we were there le than 45 minute and it seemed like our waiter wa in a rush to get u out of there . constantly asking if he could remove my plate . i had to sternly say at one point that i will let you know when i am finished . i found it rude especially since there wa not even a line at this point . i think we will travel elsewhere following a movie . the result never quite met the anticipation .
i like pf changs.i think i have only been here a total of three time ( twice it wa take out ) , and i only get vegetarian dish , but what i have had ha been pretty tasty.i would definitely eat here again .
i am writing this from the standpoint of someone who can not eat real chinese food because of gluten issue . that said , i am loving me some gluten-free chinese food here ! if the gf issue did not exist , though , why bother when you can get real , honest , non-chain great chinese so many wonderful place in the burgh ? ! but average chinese is better than no chinese if gluten is an issue so thank you mr. chang !
pretty good stuff ! pro : nice bar areacool ambiancenice dish with good flavorscons : pricey for `` just chinese food '' typically a rather long wait , especially on weekends.very difficult to even get noticed by the bartender once it busy at the bar area.suggestions : lettuce wrap ( just get this a you meal ! lol ) fat cat martini ( omg , yummmmm ! ) pot sticker
our go to place at the waterfront . we usually order the crispy green bean a an app. , they are always fried just right and never really greasy . a an entree i always get coconut curry tofu , the veggie are bright and crisp ( no open pea pod or limp broccoli ! ) and the tofu is simply delightful . always consistent . never disappointing
went there for lunch and had a decent meal . while the mongolian beef wa beyond excellent , the moo goo gai pan wa average ( although i did enjoy the shrimp in it ) . service wa fine and decor is pleasant . for some reason i am just not in the mood to write a detailed review - please accept my apology .
sadly i have been here a few time because it is a crowd pleaser when my girlfriend is parent come down to visit . there is nothing really wrong with it . the portion are big and the food is `` alright '' and the interior give you the superficial impression that you are encountering fine dining.the food is sooooo bland though . everything you get at p.f . chang is you can get elsewhere in pittsburgh at a much lower cost and it will be made with more precision and have better flavor . the honey chicken at p.f . chang is wa so mediocre all i could think about while eating it wa heading over to wai wai in bloomfield and getting a tastier order of it for 8 bucks.last time we were there the server wa horrendous a well . i do not think i have ever felt a awkward at a restaurant . he brought my girlfriend is father ( don ) his unsweetened tea then told him he did not bring sugar because he asked for it sweetened and then did not understand the concept of sweetening it yourself . he then got all huffy when don kept asking for it and actually seemed angry at u . when he came back to take our order don ordered for himself and his wife and before janey ( my girlfriend ) and i could order he had already started to walk away . we actually had to yell out to get him to come back and finish our order . ( not in an uncivilized or malicious way , either ) after that he must have thought we were terrible diner ( i do not think i have ever been impolite to someone who is currently at work , or anyone for that matter ) and he showed it by being silent and plopping thing down in a passive aggressive way . it wa really embarrassing and every time he came by the conversation died.obviously the attitude of one idiot who can not hide his bad day well doe not really have anything to do with the restaurant . but it is soooooo bland ! go somewhere else for chinese ! look up chinese on urbanspoon and it will give you a variety of good , local place to choose from at half the price .
my vegan friend , deb , turned me onto the fact that one can dine at pf chang is and stay on a vegan diet.vegan friend deb ( vfd ) asked the waitress if they could prepare a version of the famous chicken and lettuce wrap . the waitress without hesitation proclaimed they always had a vegan version , but it wa never put on the menu.warning : even though it is vegan , it still contains the same amount of salt that wa reported on all the news channel when the salt , fat , and cholesterol police made the sodium content available to the public . the vegan version is just a delicious and the chicken.they also have vegan dish like string bean and garlic , eggplant and garlic , and a few dish with tofu and vegetables.i always loved the fact pf chang is offered brown rice . that nutty flavor go so well with their meals.the service staff at chang is is always top shelf , i have never had a bad time here and love when we go .
we visitied pf chang on sunday with a large group of 20 people . although they had to split the table - everything wa delicious ! we enjoyed everything from the spring roll and chicken lettuce wrap ... to the mooshu that they made special vegetarian for one of the guest ... to the fried banana dessert ! if you are with a group , and you want dessert - get the fried banana ! they come wrapped in a spring roll wrapper and with coconut/pineapple ice cream.overall , we had a great time and would come back here again .
i have had pf chang both in pgh and kc and honestly , i am never been disappointed nor elated with the food . it is 'upscale ' ameri-chinese food . you do not come here seeking 'authentic ' asian staple ; it is all changed to some degree to suit american taste bud ... nothing wrong with that , imo . do i even know what 'authentic ' chinese food is ? yes , sortuv , somewhat . will i stop putting quote around 'everything ' ? definitely not ! it wa 45 min from closing time when we ( party of 6 ) rushed in on a weeknight ; got seated , ordered and ate without feeling rushed by the staff.this particular pf chang , on the homestead waterfront , had fast and friendly service , though he forgot our order of asparagus . we sampled everything from the the szechuan shrimp to the mongolian beef to the dan dan noodle . good flavor , nothing that stepped out in the crowd.i do not come here all that often but when i do , i invariably leave feeling satisfied and full .
so i have never been to p.f . chang is before since i am chinese and i am not a huge fan of eating at chinese/american restaurant when i can eat delicious authentic chinese food at home ( courtesy of my momma ) . my boyfriend and i were at dave & buster and were not in the mood for american food , which wa what we were all surrounded by so i decided to give p.f . chang is a try . we came on a saturday night without reservation , so we had to wait 45min : ( luckily time went by fast while i wa on my phone looking at the yelp review for this place . when we were seated , we ordered immediately and our server wa very friendly . we got the salt and pepper calamari a an appetizer and then the dan dan noodle and shanghai shrimp with garlic sauce . the food came out quick which wa a huge plus considering how busy they were . the calamari wa okay . i felt like the strip were cut too thin and we should have received more . the dan dan noodle were actually very delicious and flavorful . i really enjoyed them and definitely recommend them . the shrimp wa cooked well and wa also good . overall i wa happy with my first time experience here and would consider coming back if i am ever in the mood for chinese/american food .
love the food ! ! ! ! ! ! try the bomb pop martini . the service ha definitely gone down hill in the past year . and when i have told the manger he just doe not give a shit . it is either hit or miss with service . but food is always good
first time eating at pf chang- thought the food wa fine but i will rather go to an authentic chinese restaurant any day . it felt like a chinese version of the cheesecake factory . anyway , it wa a saturday , late afternoon , and despite lot of empty table we had to wait 20 minute to be seated and after that waited 30 min for our food . i do not know if they were just short staffed the day we went but i wa not impressed with the service.some nice item on the menu include the lettuce wrap and the salt and pepper calamari , which come with a separate dish of salt and pepper for dipping . the sesame chicken wa also very good . other thing were fine , just not memorable . i think this is an ok place to eat if you happen to be shopping at the waterfront and do not mind spending a little time over lunch or dinner . if you want to get in and out in a hurry , do not come here .
this wa my first time at this pf chang is and i wa not impressed . the service wa extremely slow even though it wa a sunday night and the restaurant wa not very busy . the portion were small . they were also playing 5 year old pop music really loud . pop music ? ! come on -- this is an `` asian bistro . ''
i wa unimpressed with my food and i am even more sad to see , now that p.f chang is mass produce frozen dinner . this is about a far away from chinese food you can get , unless of course you are eating microwaved warmed shrimp fried rice . the restaurant is cluttered and the music wa up so loud . i had to yell to carry on a conversation . p.f chang is in the waterfront is a unmemorable experience . maybe i would have better luck microwaving my own meal at home ?
i really enjoyed my mongolian beef and pork pot sticker , but there wa no presentation of pfc mixing sauce . one of the thing that set pfc apart from the run of the mill non franchise is presentation and experience . i wa extremely disappointed by the lack of presentation . reservation : our party arrived about 15 minute before our 5:30 reservations.at 6:11 we were informed our reserved table had been given to another party . obviously someone dropped the ball here ... ..when we requested silverware for the table . our waitress blamed it on the hostess . yes , thehostess should have provided silverware.. however it wa unprofessional of our waitress to pas buck . a a patron i could care le who is fault it is ; just $ @ & & @ in fix it . defiantly took away from my pfc experience.my hot and sour soup is usally served with '' noodley '' thing that i drop in the soup . we were not given any `` noodley `` thing . not trying to be a jerk but all thing being equal the pfc is not selling food a much a they are selling an experience . this experience is what set this restaurant apart .
i have mixed feeling about this place . i wish i could give 2.5 star , but i am in a good mood so i am rounding up today . this wa my first time here and i honestly wa not sure what to expect . the first thing i noticed when i walked in wa the layout of the dining area . it seemed le intimate than i had pictured in my mind . the table were all jammed together and the restaurant had a crowded feel to it . fortunately , there wa not a long wait a we had made a reservation . we were seated at a table in the middle of the dining room alongside a busy throughway . it seemed all the server were destined to walk past our table . i appreciated that their menu pointed out that their meal were `` meant to be shared . '' my wife and i decided to share our two meal : chang is spicy chicken and double pan fried noodle . before our meal came out our waitress set some sauce on the table in a `` here is your sauce '' kind of way . i remember thinking , `` that is very nice , but i have no idea why you just gave u sauce . '' there wa no explanation - just a little tray of sauce . our food came out and she finally asked if we like mild , medium , or hot sauce . we picked medium and , with a few scoop , she turned our three sauce into three mixed sauce and i still did not know what they were for . forget the sauce though , my attention wa now drawn to our meal . for meal that were `` meant to be shared '' these sure are little portion . i guess when you go for that high-end presentation you can charge 50 % more for 50 % le . the food itself wa good ( in an ok sort of way ) . i can not say it wa the best i have had , but it wa good enough . overall i thought the experience wa lacking . p.f . chang is try to be classy , but doe it in a cafeteria sort of way . i wa constantly distracted by the front door opening and icy air pouring across the room . the music did not fit the ambiance . our table felt like it wa in the middle of the road . the restaurant wa loud and crowded . the girl at the table next to u were taking those annoying duck-face puckered lip picture ... i think our experience may have been different if we were seated at one of the booth along the side of the restaurant , but no such luck .
surprised how empty the restaurant wa tonight . first time at this location . great service , but wa not hard to do ... ..had a combination orange shrimp and chicken and chicken fried rice . it wa typical pf chang ( very good ) . you can get the fried rice off the kid menu for $ 2.95 versus $ 8 for a big bowl off the regular menu .
my daughter & i enjoy pf chang is each time we dine there together . i am in love with the chicken lettuce wrap delicious ! it is always a wonderful experience !
i have always liked pf chang is and , generally speaking , this location is pretty good . i typically opt to sit at the bar , where the service ha always been extremely personable and fast.the food is typical pf chang is : delicious . a one of the chain that provides their nutritional information , it is also nice to know that i can go there and eat somewhat healthy ( i am all about the orange peel shrimp and steamed shrimp dumpling ) . while some complain about the portion size being too small , i have always felt like they were perfect . i do understand how someone looking at a $ 15 plate of `` chinese '' food could wonder why he or she is paying more for le than your standard chinese restaurant , but it is never bothered me . most of the meal are consistently good , freshly prepared , and full of flavor . plus , the sauce that your waiter/waitress make for you is always a nice addition to any meal . i have tried most of the apps , soup , and quite a few of their entrées and have never been disappointed.i have only had one negative experience at this location in the countless time that i have gone , and it revolved around service in the main dining area . i wa there for lunch , and the waitress essentially disappeared . i am not sure if she had been fired , quit , or what , but she took the order and wa never seen again . after sitting there for what seemed like an eternity with empty drink , etc. , i finally had to ask if someone else wa going to be our server . i had never experienced something like that , but i received free food voucher for a future visit , and luckily i wa not in a rush that day , so it worked out . the experience would have made me give the location a worse rating , but one bad experience ha not outweighed the countless positive : good meal , solid service ( especially at the bar ) , and great takeout service for large order and smaller ones.the only other knock on this location - and it applies to every pf chang is i have been to - is the insane wait that you will encounter at dinner time . my wife and i would actually go there more often if we did not have to wait forever for a table . i love pf chang is , but i hate waiting more . if you live close enough , get curbside pick-up , or just find somewhere else . i have yet to meet a restaurant worth a 2-hour wait . pf chang is , included .
used to wait hour for food here a few year agosecond visit in 6 month - kung pao shrimp wa very saltyvery good servicegreat wall cake still very good - kid will not leave without having it
ok so i have eaten here more than once but just thought to write a review on it . now , i will be honest this is the only one i have ever been to , so i do not know if they are all the same but every time i am underwhelmed . i get there , look at their giant selection and get excited . then i get my meal and remember that i have never had anything too great . do not get me wrong , it is not bad , but for how much they charge , they really need to step it up or at least give me a huge portion . just saying ...
our last few visit have left something to desire , one of the thing i always notice is the demeanor of an establishment employee . these people look miserable , no one smile or greets you appropriately , it is more like get in , get out , turn the table , the food ha remained consistently good ... when we can order it . the last time jb and i came for a quick dinner , the place wa not busy yet we were passed by 6 frowning waitstaff without getting drink ... for 15 minute we were left suiting at our table with our menu closed and sitting on the edge of the table ( hint , hint ) so we left and most likely will not be returning .
me and wife really enjoy eating at this place . it is modern , tasty , and comfy . the only real complaint i have about this place is that the hostess or host whichever is working at the time seems like there doing you a favor by letting you eat at this establishment . the hot and sour soup is the best i have had in pittsburgh , really good and filling !
if you look at other review you will see that i am a very positive person , but tonight wa an utter disaster ! ! we sat at the bar and the female bartender wa miserable . we ordered drink and she wa unhappy that we did . she spent 20 minute sending text message and took 3 smoke brake in one hour while our drink were empty . we ordered appetizer and they never came out . she actually brought u our check and we never got our food . by the way we were the only people at the bar . finally a bus boy brought u our food after we payed . we payed before our food came because we thought our table wa ready . we finally got seated by the window . do not sit by the window because it wa very cold . we ordered our dinner and drink and guess what no drink . after our food came we asked about our drink and the waiter said he forgot . nothing wa comped and no manager wa available . this pf chang need new management ! ! we will never return . i will give it 2 star because the food wa great , but the employee are absolutely miserably from hostess to waiter to bartender . steer clear until change are made . it is not worth the headache .
came out here with my parent to have dinner . i have to say that our meal wa all around worth a 4 star rating , but the lousy attitude of the hostess and the man behind the desk who seemed to be in charge quickly lowered that rating . our food wa pretty good . the lettuce wrap are usually my favorite part , and this time it wa no different . my mom is fried fish peices and veggie wa also delicious . however , my $ 19 mahi mahi wa pretty much like eating air ... there wa seriously no taste at all , and it wa tiny ! i found myself adding all the extra sauce on the table just to try to give it some dang flavoring.if i wa you , i would order lettuce wrap for an app and lettuce wrap for your meal . if you have room , lettuce wrap for dessert , too . oh yeah , and to drink , lettuce wrap .
singapore street noodle . the end
rude unwelcoming short haired black hostess . drink were not good . greasy spring roll below par on every way . no experience needed to work here
walked in tonight , wednesday , at 9:50 , the place wa empty . asked for a table , the hostess told u one moment when she find one for u , then proceeded to walk to a dirty table and clean it ! the phone rang and she answered it a we stood at the door . when she hung up the phone she walked back to the table and proceeded to clean it again ! ! did not say a word to u . unbelievable ! will not be back there -- rude hostess !
the service started out slow , but they eventually picked up the pace . we ordered the chicken/lettuce wrap appetizer , and we enjoyed it . for the entres , we had the fried rice and mongolian beef , both of which were delightful . i would not mind going back to explore their menu .
we recently went here for a group dinner with friend . i am unable to eat gluten and my server ( denice ) wa knowledgable and brought me special sauce a not to irritate my allergy . she wa amazingly accommodating and when my meal wa too spicy ( which wa totally my fault ) she got me something else . i had the gf beef with broccoli and it wa amazing . she wa personable and friendly and went beyond expectation to make sure our table enjoyed themselves . we were there for a while and were all on separate check . i have been to eatery before where that wa treated with great disdain . never once did i feel unwelcome . i will go out of my way to eat here again .
great food , great atmosphere , little on the loud side but they have turned down the music since the last time we were here so it is much better , good service .
good quality pork fried dumpling and mongo beef . bar service wa fast and efficent . good value . not a 5 cause dragon eye tea wa cold first time around and beef had minor amount of fat . fortune wa even postive !
i usually have fair experience with this pf chang . i have been inside the restaurant , and have used the curbside to go service . i finally decided to review this based on my most recent experience.i can not remember her name , but whomever worked curbside to go on oct 30 , 2013 around 6:30pm deserves a mention . she wa very nice , and provided u with the exact amount of condiment we listed on the online order form . they are usually stingy with the chili and hot mustard sauce ! she also gave u a couple other sauce to try ( not sure which one ) , but these were very good . the food here is always in point . i like to get the edamame , sesame chicken with brown rice , and the flour le chocolate dome ! i am reducing a star because of past experience with service .
i have heard it is very much a chain and that it is not at all authentic chinese food , however despite all that i have to admit the food wa good and the service wa excellent . there is quite a disconnect with the loud rock music played in the dining room and the serene chinese decor , but i figure it work for somebody ! i ordered the ginger chicken with broccoli and the meal wa quite tasty . the price are quite reasonable . just a long a you are not looking for authentic chinese dish , this restaurant will definitely serve in a pinch .
really awesome food and amazing customer service . i really enjoyed my experience here if i am back in the area i will be certain to come back to this location .
i seriously do not know why people love this place so much , the food here is horrible . the rice is never cooked properly.. and it is not even asian food . it is fake asian food . i never come here anymore .
i will say make a reservation since it is pretty busy on a weekend ! we got seated quickly with a reservation . our server wa excellent despite how busy it wa . he wa also helpful with recommendation and let me sample a couple wine before picking a bottle . the manager wa also great . we were not in love with one of the dish and the manager came out and talked to u about what we were looking for and gave u a complimentary order of what he recommended . i will say this - they know how to treat their customer . we will definitely be back : )
first , this is a big chain - not my favorite type of eatery . for me , four star is max for this type of establishment for the simple reason that no one ha license to create anything truly unique ... however ! the chilean sea bass marinated in oolong tea is freakin ' fantastic ! 10+now - everyone wa happy with their meal and let me tell you it wa a ridiculously busy night , server were threading their way through patron waiting to be seated and our service wa very good.i have been to pfc vega and pfc nyc - our homestead pfc definitely beat them both . so many great little place to try in the 'burgh , but i would not resist going back to this particular pfc .
the wait wa a little long , but once we got seated the service wa very good . there wa always a cold beer in my hand and the food wa to die for .
we had another opportunity to eat here today and the experience wa much improved . there wa no crowd to fight and we were not seated near the door a we were last time . a i expected , getting a table near the edge of the restaurant provides for a much nicer dining experience . our service wa good and they accommodated our 1 year old nicely . i appreciate that they serve steamed veggie on the kid menu . i still left with the impression that the serving size were small in comparison to most other place , but we were satisfied and happy .
went here for lunch yesterday with a friend and it wa so yummy ! started out with chicken lettuce wrap and it wa totally hitting the hungry spot ! lol . tried chicken lettuce wrap at my place but this place is one of my fave . their wonton shop is also full of chicken chunk and shrimp a well ... which is different bc you do not normally get all that in a wonton soup bowl . by the time we ate the lettuce wrap and our soup , we were almost full . love the way their mongolian beef is made here and my friend had the crispy honey shrimp and it wa so yummy a well . definitely will be back because this place is clean , service is quick , food is delicious , and the price is not so bad either .
we went last night saturday night to p.f.chang located at the kierlands in scottsdale . terrible experience ! ! ! after waiting over one hour to be seated , we ordered calamari for appetizer which came with a horrible strange salty sauce and salt and pepper mix on the side . then i ordered beef and broccoli and my husband ordered a vegetarian dish with peanut sauce . after a long wait my food came so salty that i could not even eat and a much a i hate to complain but i had to let the waiter know , so he went to get me one with le salt . my husband is dish wa ok. then the second one wa a bit le salty but the meat had a terrible liver kind of taste which totally turned my stomach . i feel the reason they added so much salt wa to hide the bad tasting rotted meat . very bad experience . our waiter wa kind and sympathetic . ruined my evening out : (
let me start off by saying i have mostly simple taste , and my favorite lunch spot for chinese ha been the new dumpling house in squirrel hill . but since that restaurant is undergoing renovation , i wa forced to try something new.so ... i thought i will try the chain pf chang is chinese restaurant at the waterfront . wow , what an unsatisfying mistake that turned out to be.i started with a cup of their wonton soup . at $ 2.95 it wa not too outrageous of a price , the broth had some flavor and there wa much more in it than i wa used to , including three giant basil ( i think ? ) leaf that covered everything beneath . in the broth were chunk of chicken , two shrimp , some sliced water chestnut and two `` pork '' -filled wonton . a i said , the broth had decent flavor , but the wonton were thick , doughy and under-cooked , and the chicken chunk were dry , which is amazing since they were drowned in broth ! on a scale of bad to good , it wa kind of meh.next came my `` lunch-portion '' order of chang is kung pao chicken ( the dinner portion is $ 5 more ) . at the new dumpling house , this dish is served with a delectable dark , rich , tangy sauce , which i wa really hoping for ... not at pf chang is . on my plate i received about 8 quarter-size chunk of lightly breaded and browned chicken , 7 hot chinese red chili pepper ( mostly inedible unless they are diced into a sauce ) , a handful of blanched , unsalted peanut , a few sliced scallion , and a bed of the most bland brown rice i have ever encountered . uncle ben would have been ashamed if that stuff came out of one of his boxes.glaringly , there wa no sauce ! . none at all.i have had kung pao chicken in new york city , san francisco , and even from a hole in the wall in bethel park , pa that wa much , much better . never have i had it served in such a bland , skimpy , and overpriced way ! the `` lunch-portion '' cost wa $ 9.95.at the new dumpling house , i could have a delicious lunch , with soup , entree and complimentary hot tea , and i could leave satisfied with just $ 8 out-of-pocket -- and that includes the tip.the service wa decent . however , lesson learned . one and done . never going back to pf chang .
still good food but i find that more time than not when we go we have to ask for clean dish or silverware . i have found this whether we are at the waterfront location or the robinson location . maybe they need a new contract with a new appliance company .
this is the fourth chang i have eat ate . it wa pretty good . the food wa kinda like it had been previously frozen . had a strange texture . some of the chang chicken piece wa stuck together and the breading on the sweet and sour chicken wa mushy and falling off the chicken . overall still pretty good . would eat at this one again .
my wife and i came here a few year ago and you could not get in the door because of the line . this wa the hottest new place on the restaurant scene and everyone wanted to try it . fast forward to present day and you will never believe that wa ever the case . chang is is poorly set up a one large open room that is rather noisy . food came out quickly but wa not a good a the chinese take out we get from sesame inn . spicy chicken wa neither spicy nor very flavorful and had a mass-produced feel to it . took half home to eat the next day but ended up throwing it out a few day later . normally one of the great thing about getting chinese is looking forward to the leftover the next day ! another minus wa noticing how dirty the floor wa on the way back to the bathroom . i do not expect a place to be immaculate in the middle of dinner service but this looked like the mcdonalds on smithfield downtown.the one bright spot wa our waitress wa very good and kept our water glass filled . we just came from kennywood so we went through quite a few fill ups during our time there . short of this , i will probably give chang two star . probably last time i will stop in here unless i can not get in to any restaurant in the area and need a place i know will not be too busy .
our family love this restaurant . my child and i suffer from food allergy . i have celiac is disease and their gluten free selection for a chinese restaurant is great . my child are a completely different ball game . they have a rare disease called eosinophilic esophagitus where food attack their body . they are very limited on their food selctions due to not being able to consume any food with gluten , soy , egg , dairy , nut , tree nut , fish , shellfish , amd corn . this restaurant take special care of my kid by making sure they get chicken that ha not gone through the egg wash . the server and manager are all trained in how to be careful . our favorite manager is joe and favorite server is kevin . call ahead if you have any question and they will answer your question .
this place hit the spot . stopped here before a movie and ate at the bar . we got just what we wanted : quick service and some good eats . i recommend the fried green bean with aioli -- soooo good ! who knew i liked green bean ? ! and this trip i tried some sushi and got the spicy tuna roll . although it wa clearly not pieced together by an expert sushi chef , it wa extremely fresh and delish ( so who care if it is not beautiful ? ! )
excellent beef with pepper and onion . waiter made a good wine choice . fastest food delivery , le than 5 minute , honest . both meal le than $ 30 , in and out in 45 minute .
they give you such a tiny portion and i got the sweet n sour chicken a lunch and i wa still hungry plus my rice wa cold would i come back maybe not
the only thing this place ha going for itself is the decor . the food is very americanized and not true at all of what real chinese good should look or taste like , and the host/hostess think their doing u a favor by seating u .
dumb , dumber and dumbest are running the hostess stand . they gave me 7 different estimate on the wait time , none of which wa accurate . john tapper is needed on this property .
good food , good service , and always an enjoyable visit . they forgot to put in our appetizer order but threw it in for free to make it up to u . a good place to catch a meal if you are down around the waterfront .
i went with my family late at night , the food wa not good at all , it looked like the left over , i hate it.the service wa not that professional ! ! ! ! ! !
i used to work here ! haha , many moon ago tho . usually you leave a restaurant job sick of the food and the people but even after i left i still love going in and talking to the staff and getting something to eat and drink and just hanging out . i am a chang chicken junkie and i can not stay away from it for too long . the bartender have always been some of the best i have ever seen no matter how many change they have gone through and this is one of the few place where even year and year later the same people work and still love it ! say a lot about the people . chang chicken , chicken lettuce wrap and pork won ton though are the standard fare are always amazing . some other excellent dish are kung pao chicken , shrimp dumpling , mongolian beef and the ahi tuna.it might be a chain restaurant but this one is one of the strongest link in the chain !
this place ha gone downhill and i do not expect that we will be going back . in fact , i do not expect it to be in business past christmas . they raised their price , changed the menu , and removed several of our favorite dish from the menu . the veggie dumpling are gone , the jasmine iced tea is gone , and the mini-dessert are gone . the food is meh . my broccoli wa mushy in the ginger chicken and the sauce wa like candy because it wa too sweet .
first of all , i love pfchangs , but i recently visited here and had really bad experience . the waitress hardly paid any attention to u . the hostess had to like help her . i even wanted to order a to-go ... but i could not find her , so i just went up to the bar and ordered it . i am a server myself , so maybe i had high expectation . ..but i still tipped her like 12 on 30 . i still love it though . i am not gon na be an asshole and say `` i am never coming back '' bc i know i will , lol .
we had not been at pf chang for awhile and now i remember why ... .the service wa terrible . the silverware wa dirty . we waited almost 15 minute for water glass to be brought to the table . the waiter forget several thing we asked for and above all , the food wa tasteless and the portion size smaller than lunch sized portion . we were there before the dinner crowd started so the lack of service or food quality can not be blamed on a busy time . do not think we will be going back there .
thank you so very very very much to the management hallie . she literally helped me with immediately with an error that wa on my gift card . also hallie visited our table during our meal to see if everything and everybody wa okay . also our server , aaron , wa really helpful and sweet . i am a very very picky eater . i do not like onion , garlic , pepper , mushroom , broccoli , rice , etc . aaron wa awesome in his help a i selected my food . very rarely do i eat dessert . i love their pineapple coconut ice cream . there banana sprung roll are good , but the ice cream is to die for . the two come together .
meal wa about what i expected . service wa good , not exceptional but good . they are trying a new menu with taco for breast cancer awareness . a nice thought but they should stay in their wheelhouse which is asian . obviously stick with what you know ...
i wa a little peeved that the gluten free version of the buddha feast cost $ 10.50 when the regular version cost $ 9.50 . so you are charging a dollar more to give me the gluten-free version of a veggie , tofu , and rice platter ? ? regardless , it is worth it to get the gluten-free soy sauce ( which i buy for myself and i know is not that expensive ) . when my dish come out , it is literally just steamed veggie and rice . no tofu , no seasoning or sauce . i ask why there is no tofu and the response is that the tofu ha gluten in it . when i ask if there should be any sauce ( aka flavor ) to the dish i am informed i could have ordered any other gluten-free dish is sauce to go along with it . thanks for the info now ... yes i will take the gf beef broccoli sauce on the side . the sauce come out and it is actually tasty so my food wa finally interesting enough to eat , even though now i am extra annoyed at paying $ 10.50 for steamed veggie and rice and why the menu made no mention that you would not get flavor or tofu . to top it all off based on how miserable i feel now , i am pretty sure the beef broccoli sauce they brought out contained gluten anyway ! so i paid more , got le , and still got gluten in my food ! ? ! ? not a happy customer . not going back . not going to recommend it to anyone .
disappointing : ( i expected more out of pf chang is . all i can say is that there is better chinese at a non chain place , and it is cheaper . would not go back . i you want chinese go to how lee , or china palace .
went there today to have my birthday lunch , it wa about 1:45 so the place wa not crowded at all . got seated not far from the hostess station and sat for close to 15 min without anyone coming to the table , no water , nothing . the table next to u who got seated after u had a server and water by the time we left . got up to leave and the hostess said `` is everything ok '' i said `` no , no one ever came over '' and we went to bravo and had a great lunch ! i like pf chang is in general but if the 2 hostess watched u sit there for 15 min i have no idea why they did not do something . i will not be going back here anytime soon .
if i had to pick my very favorite chain restaurant , it would be pf chang is . i am aware that it is not authentic , but that doe not mean it is not delicious.we stopped by after some shopping in the area on a snowy friday , and were able to get a table pretty quickly . the hostess and server were both friendly . my husband enjoyed a glass of sake , and i had a mai tai that turned out to be delicious . we split an order of lettuce wrap a an appetizer ; they do not custom-make your sauce any more which is disappointing , but they did happily provide u with chili paste and hot mustard to doctor it up ourselves . his chang is spicy chicken ( extra spicy ) turned out great , and provided the extra requested heat . my orange peel shrimp were a good a i will remembered -- perhaps better because they have some fresh orange slice included a well . we also ordered a great wall of chocolate . if you like chocolate cake at all , you will love this one.pf chang is consistently provides good chinese in a trendy ( but still casual ) atmosphere at a decent price , and i am always a fan .
this is largely a review for sean , a managing partner at this location . i had gone to this location while in town with my family for the holiday , looking for a non-cooking escape before getting inundated with guest . a few of u ordered the lunch special with soup , my mom had ordered the butternut squash ravioli , and we also got an order of street noodle and started with summer roll . everything wa great ( the street noodle in particular are fantastic ) , but the service wa a bit of a disaster- dish came out more than 10 minute apart from each other , a huge mood killer with a big family meal ; a few dish came out dirty ; soup did not come out at all ; and our waitress made up excuse and did not apologize when she had in fact missed some of our order . we were feeling really ignored and discouraged , until we let sean know . he took great care of u and went way , way out of his way to make up the experience . i really can not thank sean enough for making sure we left in a good mood after what could have been a very negative experience . heaven know that a positive tone is essential going into the holiday with family !
if i had to use one word to describe my experience : depressing . and even that is being generous . i came in with two of my friend for new year eve before continuing on to the remainder of the evening . we ordered drink at the bar while we waited for our table . my friend and i ordered the asian pear mojito , which wa decent . my other guest ordered a jack and coke and wa immediately depressed to discover that it wa all jack daniel and a splash of coke for color . when we got to the table , we were hoping for a better experience . little did we realize , we would suffocate while holding our breath . we ordered the combination fried rice , described containing egg , chicken , pork , shrimp , and beef . when it arrived to the table , the only egg that wa present wa the one we were wearing on our face . we also ordered the honey chicken and the beef with broccoli and again hoped for better quality . there were no complaint with the chicken , the only star of this evening . the beef wa disappointing to say the very least . to start , the kitchen sent out mongolian beef , rather than the intended entree . when they refired the dish , and it wa presented , it looked better than it actually wa . never in my life have i bit into a piece of beef and instantly fear cracking a tooth . the beef in the dish wa tough , and crunched ( again a new first for me ) . it will most likely be a very long time before i return . my only regret is i can not leave a 1/2 star rating .
food wa good . service wa super fast . we had to wait about 20 minute even at 8:30 a night . super packed on the weekend . drink are on the higher range .
let is put the food aside here for a moment . let is talk about customer service for a moment . earlier this week , i had the misfortune of dining at the waterfront p.f . chang . it wa bitter cold outside . their food is usually good , so my husband and i ducked in to get a bite before we went to the movie . we were seated and we quickly ordered because we wanted to make our show time . i did not notice it at first , but i soon realized that it wa cold in the restaurant . i asked about the heat and i wa told that there wa no heat - that it had broken earlier that day . i asked our server why they had not mentioned this when we came in . well , i already know the answer to that - we would have turned around a gone somewhere else . then the manager came over and apologized . i mentioned to him that it might have been nice to be warned about the heat ( a i sat there in my coat ) . he seemed to agree with me , but still allowed at least another 20 people enter the restaurant without saying a word to them . not one word . oh , he did offer me some dessert . that is what they usually do when someone ha f**ked up . in this case it did not matter . i quickly ate and left to make my movie . this is the second bad experience i have had at this particular location . last time i wa there , the floor wa pretty dirty which always make me nervous . what doe the kitchen look like ? i am not against p.f . chang is because it is a chain i have gone to in other state and have always liked the food . this location need to get their act together .
my wife and i ate here on a saturday night . the place wa packed and we waited for an hour for a table . the staff wa very friendly and attentive . the food wa above average oriental cuisine . we enjoyed egg roll ( best part of the meal ) , orange peel beef , and sweet and sour chicken . good meal but pricey .
disappointed , service wa ok , not what it used to be , food wa not that great either , the cook used way to much pepper on the rice . chicken wa very tough . so then some college kid end up sitting behind u , and wa acting like they where in a bar . we had our kid with u and i came close to saying something , but the manager should have seen that and took care of it , he wa at there table twice .
my girlfriend and i just ate here this wa my first time eating at pf chang but i had heard very good thing about this restaurant . starting with the service the server did not ever tell me his name i am also a waitress so i expected good service to begin with he wa very quiet and when we did receive our food he never came back to ask how it wa he wa not very attentive at all however we both work in the service industry so we decided to give the food a chance since that is what we had come here for . my girlfriend got an appetizer of the edamame and the fried green bean the edamame wa very bland and needed seasoning the green bean were not spectacular although she did say that she enjoyed the sauce . for entree i had the sweet and sour chicken i have had sweet and sour chicken from several other chinese restaurant including take out and i wa very displeased with the sauce and the poportion i have had better for cheaper . my girlfriend had the chicken fried rice which wa fine but it is also a very easy dish overall we rated this restaurant with one star because we did not even care to stay for dessert even though the desert did look appetizing . i am pretty disappointed in my first experience i do not think that i will return again but you never know
the margarita had too much sweetness too them even though they were organic - agave , lime juice , and tequila.we had the pan-fried pot sticker , but they were barely fried ... i wanted a little more crunch to them . however , the pork wa pretty flavorful and i liked the sauce they were topped with.my boyfriend ordered the hot fish , but it wa way too salty.i had a spicy lamb dish with grape tomato and mint which wa actually delicious.unfortunately , the service wa definitely `` meh '' and one of the food runner spilled sauce on my boyfriend is pant ... not cool . the waiter offered seltzer water to try to get the stain out , but took forever to bring it to us.i would give this place another chance , but will definitely ask for le or no salt , and hope for a better waiter next time .
i normally love this chain restaurant , but this wa not a good experience . we arrived on a saturday afternoon and there were plenty of empty table . our server wa very perky and took our drink order . one of the reason we picked here is because they have a nice gluten free menu . we ordered appetizer , soup and entree . our soup arrived first which just irks me . appetizer first please ! ! ! ! ! ! the wonton soup wa good , a bit different than most since it contained several shrimp and water chestnut . we then waited a long time for our dumpling . they were presented by a kitchen staff and looked beautiful but they did not bring plate and he dashed away before we could stop him . although our server had stopped by too many time before this , she wa now nowhere in sight . we just ate them off the serving plate . good , not great . not really hot , especially after waiting all that time . the server did come by at some point to apologize for the delay and explained that is why she brought soup first.the manager and the server continued to keep dropping by to the point of annoyance . we waited forever for our food which wa crazy since there were few patron . our entree came , again with no plate . we caught him this time and he slowly brought back 3 plate . the bottom one wa dirty and nobody in sight again . i got up and went to a serving station where a different server wa standing and asked for a clean plate . he reached under the counter , pulled out a plate and then picked a white cloth up off the counter , wiped the plate and gave it to me . i stated i did not want a plate he had just wiped with a cloth laying on the counter and he stated it wa how they cleaned their plate . what ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? i went back to the table and used a small bread plate for my meal . i wa truly disgusted . the server stopped by and my husband started to tell her our situation but i stopped him since we had spent soooooooo much time talking with this server that i did not want to prolong this anymore . a far a food go , the gluten free mongolian beef wa good . the lemon chicken wa tough and too thick . the fried rice had no egg and wa not hot . overall , not a great experience .
decent/friendly service . slow kitchen ( on a slow night with le than 1/4 filled ) . uneven food preparation.while the food could be very good , the place ha very uneven quality in every aspect of the restaurant . we had a large dinner ( over 5 people and over $ 250 in total bill ) , and here is our impression.1 ) food - appetizer were very good , chicken lettuce wrap , great a usual . lobster/shrimp taco excellent . sushi wa lackluster across the board , almost not worth ordering - you might get better one off a buffet assembly line . the soup were uneven - wonton soup excellent . hot n sour soup is dense and salty , and again , worse than a standard $ 5 chinese restaurant buffet line . main entree is uneven a well - not particularly flavorful . the new entree are hit and miss . lamb is good and tender , though tasted nothing like lamb ( just beef-flavor , the sauce is very heavy ) . but the chilean sea bass ( hong kong style ) , one of the most expensive item on the menu , is severely undercooked - we should have sent it back but did not ( our fault ) . this is how under-cooked it is - we tried to cut it with a knife , and can not because the middle wa not cooked . and sea bass is so flaky and it is supposed to fall apart at the touch of a fork.2 ) service - server is friendly , and accommodating to different request . fresh plate are brought during change of course . on the other hand , the restaurant , though encouraging `` family style '' serving , doe not quite know how to serve food in family style . there are extended wait time between appetizer , to soup , to sushi , to entree . family style would require item to be brought up a each is ready , rather than having guest wait for extended time and then have everything arrive at the same time . for a place that wa le than 1/4 seated , there wa far too much wait time ( 20 min ) between appetizer and just soup , and again extended wait between sushi and hot entree . by the time the main course arrived , it wa almost anti-climatic and people were pretty much full/tired . it wa not clear whose job it wa to clear off the `` empty '' plate when food is eaten , a number of time it wa piled up on the corner of a small table - again , at far cheaper buffet line , these plate would have been cleared much , much sooner.over the last decade , our p.f . chang experience have gone from excitement to just a periodic visit with out-of-town guest - and the uneven food and service experience is not likely to encourage many re-visits .
one of the more embarrassing chain around . basically a culinary minstrel show . make-believe `` asian '' food served alongside alcohol to full the sens , which would be necessary to enjoy this place .
p.f . chang is china bistro is a chain that is located across the state . this particular restaurant wa the first that opened in pittsburgh . it is good to come for lunch since they offer a shared 4 course special for a party of two for around $ 42.00.you start off with a cup of soup , it is usually egg drop but they did let u substitute won ton for no additional cost . you then get a choice of an appetizer . we chose two egg roll which we could split . you get the entree of choice . i had sesame chicken and my girlfriend had crispy honey chicken that wa lightly battered and came with rice sticks.i enjoyed the soup , egg roll and my sesame chicken . it came with pepper and broccoli . it wa very good . you can only order white or brown rice with this special . i would imagine fried rice come for a slight uncharge . my friend liked her chicken but said that the rice stick had no flavor to them . the last course wa a dessert that wa fried banana with a scoop of ice cream and some fruit.it came with two fork so it wa a bit difficult to split in half but we managed . we liked the banana but were not too fond of the ice cream . all in all it wa a good deal for lunch . they do offer lunch special during the week for smaller portion a well a cheaper price . they have a full bar with tv blaring . located near barnes and noble at the waterfront it wa not too crowded so we were able unwind and enjoy a nice lunch at a decent price .
great food . i have come to love pf chang is when it come to chinese food . never disappoints me . always a 5/5 .
dinner with friend , the pf chang is experience ha transformed into more of a drive though than quality food . our meal service took over 2 hour and each couple had to return at least one item to kitchen ( appetizer or main entree ) . i have been to other franchise location which are spectacular this location `` not so much '' .
normally i do not review chain restaurant , but all the negative review inspired me to speak up . the service wa excellent , the food wa exactly what you would expect and want , and the whole experience wa great . i will never been to a pf chang is before , and based on all these review i almost did not go this time . but it wa awesome ! no complaint at all .
gordons in the waterfront is exactly what i needed for new shoe after i wa allowed to walk again after a fracture in my foot . the man who waited on me wa kind , patient , and even let me know about a sale going on . the selection and quality of shoe is wonderful . you will not get cheap shoe here but you will get the best . worth every cent .
extremely helpful staff that know exactly what shoe are comfortable yet stylish . the shoe i bought were high quality and durable . i wa extremely impressed by the staff .
since i have foot problem and am limited a to the type of shoe i can wear i generally come here . normally both of your foot are measured for accuracy . most style come in european size so i am familiar with the size i normally wear.they also sell orthotics which you can put in sneaker or special orthodics for dress shoe . if you have a foot problem they will give give you 10 % off your purchase of the orthotic once your mention your doctor is name.i normally come here for sneaker , sandal and on rare occasion a dress shoe . they offer a reward program for the amount of your purchase once you reach a certain threshhold.i have never had a problem with any of my orthotics and give them a high recommendation . they do offer trunk show which wa the reason for my recent visit since i needed a pair of summer sandal and a waterproof sneaker for an upcoming trip . normally they sell new balance for sneaker and their price are relatively comparable to that which you would find in other shoe stores.however , the do carry some better line so expect to pay a little more if you want the quality of a name brand shoe . you are permitted to purchase the item and try it around the house to see if you are comfortable with it . if unhappy then you have two week to return it at which point it becomes a final sale.time will normally tell if i had made the right purchase or not . i bought a pair of waterproof sneaker and an allegra sandal which is versatile . they were kind enough to stretch the sneaker to make sure it wa not bothering my bunion.located at the waterfront parking can be a bit difficult but there is usually ample parking in the back of the complex .
i regularly rent car at enterprise , the people at the munhall location are great ! the car are excellent , usually a good selection and fast check in and out .
my family and i were treated well .
i reserved a car onilne via enterprise is 800-number . i wa told my car would be $ 57 for a three-day rental , including fee and taxes.when i got to the local office to pick up my car , i wa told that i needed insurance . okay , that is fine . the man at the desk told me the rate wa ( his word ) `` seven dollar a day . '' he said this at least twice . over the course of the conversation , that became `` $ 25 for three day . '' i did not think much of that , because `` seven dollar a day '' work out to close to `` $ 25 for three day . '' and when i got the actual receipt , it wa $ 25 for each day . and a we all know , `` $ 25 for three day '' is very different from `` $ 25 a day . `` in addition to that , my rental wa a little more than the $ 57 i wa quoted on the 800-number . not much more , but enough to make it not right.so , my $ 57 rental , plus $ 7/day insurance , should have been about $ 88 . instead , my total wa about $ 129.bottom line , enterprise can not be trusted . not at this location , at least . i will never use them again , and plan to talk to the better business bureau about their business practice when i return to town on monday .
i typically always rent from enterprise . the staff is courteous and helpful . the only complaint i have this time is the rental car itself . it wa very nice on the outside , but very clear , someone had trashed the inside . the driver is side carpet had big hole in it , the upholstery wa cloth and leather , and terribly stained all over . the car needed new windshield wiper , a i found out during a torrential rainstorm in tn , and the tire pressure gauge light wa on for the whole trip home . now if enterprise would sell this car to me for a great price , i would buy it ! ! however , i hope that whoever trashed the inside wa held responsible . i would have been embarrassed had family member or friend ridden in it with me . i covered the back seat with a blanket , and my dog did not mind at all ! lol i will still continue to rent from enterprise .
this is by far my favorite panera location in the pittsburgh area . friendly , plenty of room to sit , and good quality food & coffee . panera is a great place to hang out and read the news - they even have free wifi ! try their toasted sandwich , especially the chicken bacon dijon .
i live close by so i go here frequently pretty much for the free wifi and espresso . but here is a secret - they do not seem to know what an americano is so often i am charged like 75 cent for a double shot of espresso to which they add hot water upon my request . needle to say coffee is not expensive here a you can fill up a many time a needed without being hassled . although there regular coffee is undrinkable to my taste . pastry are baked fresh and are plentiful . there is other food to choose from ie whole grain bagel are edible and about a buck with no extra charge for butta . outside seating and people watching is always a good distraction plus there are all kind of people who frequent this panera from the very very old and decrepit to the fashionistas taking a break from victoria secret , ulta , wet seal and the other various shop at this water front location .
had lunch here after getting my nail done in the waterfront . it is your standard panera - lot of seating and a sunny room from all the window . our food wa made very quickly , even though the place wa pretty busy ( lunch on a saturday ) . chicken noodle soup is tasty , but there wa too much broth and not enough noodle and chicken . i tried their sierra chicken sandwich for the first time , and it wa pretty good . it is very flavorful , i like whatever they put in their chipotle mayo . it wa a salty meal though - definitely had me running to the fountain machine to get more water.if i have to get a quick , light meal and only chain option are available , panera is my best choice . it is definitely predictable and usually tasty . but there is not much special about it , of course .
i love all panera , equally ! i am def a fan of this easy , better than fast food , time-killing eatery.great place for a lunch social/date with good eats and a good place to sit and talk for a while or to get some work done between appointments.pros : great food ; free wifi ( though some location are limited to 30 minute during the lunch hour ) ; seating is always tricky at the lunch hour.cons : pricey for salad , soup and sandwich ; table should be wiped more frequently -- even if you have to ask a newly seated guest if they would like it wiped , the table should be wiped ! for pete is sake , give a fork with the mac and cheese , not a spoon ! lol
i really enjoy panera , and this restaurant meet my expectation . i particularly love the asiago cheese bagel , caesar salad , bacon turkey bravo sandwich , tuna salad sandwich , smokehouse turkey panini , broccoli cheddar soup , and iced chai tea latte . i have ordered all of these item at this location , and they have been very tasty.i have had this location run out of the side of french baguette once or twice . however , last time that occurred , i asked for a bread bowl a a replacement , which i wa given for free.i will definitely be returning soon !
i have had bad experience here a few time now . i wrote panera bread and have not heard back . bad service all around ! ! ! basically , we ordered our food , they ran out of what we wanted , so just decided to make u something else with out telling u . when we got our food , we asked why they made u that instead of what we ordered -- -'oh it wa the closest to what you wanted ' ... ..hmmmm how about you tell u that before we pay , and how about you give u our money back . really , you do not get much for what you pay for at panera . it not very good at all .
it is the same panera food you have had before . i like the other one better a they are often faster at preparing food than this one . that said the food is fine and the staff is nice enough.they have warm cooky for $ 2.00 . that is a nice feature .
it seems silly to rate a chain so i will not talk about the food . i just love coming to this panera because it is right by barnes and noble . i recently started getting into the panera card . compared to the other paneras i have to say that this one seems cleaner , bigger , and all around nicer . of course i would never go out of my way to get here but if you are at barnes and noble and are not happy with the sandwich there ( which i wa ) i would venture on over to panera .
service here is pretty bad . they were out of napkin and cup lid . i ordered chicken tortellini pasta and chicken noodle soup . my chicken seemed undercooked in the pasta and there wa not any chicken in my soup .
amazing amazing place and i really enjoy to eat there and drink the price they not high , very good service and fast .
panera bread ha to be the most inconsistent restaurant i have ever been to . i have posted two picture of the strawberry poppyseed chicken salad . the first one look delicious the second one look like they could have used a smaller bowl . it did not even look appetizing .
this use to be my go to panera bread . when i worked in the area i would stop here before work to grab my breakfast and then stop to get my lunch a well . i wa happy when i left the area and moved on to bigger and better thing . my waist also appreciated it . those scone are delicious.i recently stopped back here when i wa shopping and wa pleasantly surprised . with all my new allergy i came in here hoping to get some bread . not knowing , nor doing my homework before i showed up , i asked the manager if one particular bread had corn syrup in it or not . not knowing the answer herself , she wa kind enough to pull out a binder that contained all of their recipe , ingredient included . after looking through it for a few minute i wa able to select the bread i wanted . they will sliced the bread thick or thin for you there right now . if you would rather slice yourself , i am sure they will wrap it up and you can go on your way . yes , it is true , it may be a bit more expensive than your cheap bread on the grocery store shelf . but it is much better tasting .
in general , i like panera so rather than reviewing panerai overall , i am going to compare this panera store to other panera store that i have been to.i have been here a couple time and so far , no major complaint in term of food and service . the people are generally friendly ( honestly , they are probably the friendliest panera staff i have seen in all of the panera store i have been to in pittsburgh , although i have not been to them all ) . once , i came in after breakfast time and asked for a quiche and they gave it to me without any problem . i have not had to wait super long , even if there are a lot of people . however , my biggest problem with this panera store is that there are hardly any outlet and seating is rather a pain . i like to go to panera to eat and do work at the same time but it is rather hard when there are not many seat and very few outlets.food : 4 star - just your average panera foodservice : 5 star - a mentioned , pretty good experienceseating : 1 star - do not come here to work or come with a huge partyoverall : 3 star
non existent internet service . i came here to do some work on my laptop and the internet speed wa not strong enough . : (
sometimes i use panera a a lunch place and sometimes i use it a an office . either way i tend to spend a lot of time at panera . if i am meeting someone i prefer to sit in a booth for more privacy . i like the homey feel of panera and love it when i get to sit by the fireplace . the bakery item are always fresh . it is nice that they keep the chocolate chip cooky warm . yum ! the food is unpredictable . sometimes it is good and sometimes it is not so good . the serving size on their soup and salad have shrunk considerably in the last year . they do have a good selection of food . they keep adding healthier option . their recent addition is soba noodle bowl . they look good but i sense a lot of sodium hide in them . if you need a place to meet someone to chat or get some work done it is a good place . food wise there are many other choice to consider around the city for better food at the same price .
panera is one of our family is favorite restaurant . everything is great . kid love bagel and chicken noodle soup . adult usually order `` you pick two '' . sandwich , salad are all very good .
this panera bread location is ideally located in the waterfront shopping center in the midst of several shop and a large parking lot . the space itself is much larger than many other location i have been to and ha ample seating , which is always a good thing . unfortunately , the service is slow and unfriendly ( there wa no line and it took a few moment for someone to notice there were customer trying to order ) . i wa surprised that i wa automatically given a baguette with my meal rather than being offered a choice between the bread , an apple or a bag of chip . perhaps it is this location , or maybe it wa just a one-off oversight . a i mentioned , there is plenty of seating , but our option were limited because all of the table were disgusting with trash on them and in desperate need of a wipe-down . if it were over lunch or a rush , i would be more sympathetic , but there were only a handful of patron in the entire establishment . i wa also upset that the wifi wa not functioning . despite my nitpicking , the food wa fine and it is a standard panera , just not a stellar location .
it ha been several month since i visited panera bread . it is a bakery cafe chain with free wifi . price are reality the same although from time to time they change their seasonal offerings.food is fair . you order and you are given a buzzer to let you know when your food is ready . they use real dish and silverware . the menu give you a calorie count of each item you are purchasing . one of the popular feature item is you pick two where you can have half a sandwich or salad or soup in a pair of two of those item . you also get with it a choice of an apple or roll and you can add a dessert for $ 1.00i wa disappointed to learn they had removed the french onion soup from the menu . i asked about this removal only to learn there wa something wrong with one of the ingredient . the other disappointment wa that this year they are not making gingerbread men which are one of my favorite holiday treat . instead they are offering a holiday themed sugar cookie.i normally eat here when i am in a hurry and do not have time to sit down at a regular restaurant . they do use fresh bread and they do cater . you can also order your holiday baked good or bread for your party .
stopped by sunday morning . the light roast coffee wa cold . i ordered a steak & egg breakfast sandwich . the steak wa ice cold . the slice of tomato that i had them add wa not ripe . panera quality should be consistent no matter what location you visit . very disappointing considering their pricing structure .
do not eat the pastry ! we saw the manager do a nightly count of all the pastry and touched everyone with his finger ( no glove ) . i commented and said excuse me you are touching all of the pastry with no glove ? ? ! he looked at me and said , `` i am not touching them i am only tapping them '' . yuk , i said that is disgusting people have to eat that . he looked at me and went in the back . i told the cashier thomasina that i would be calling the owner.. that is unexceptable . she reluctantly gave me the owner name . luke i will be calling u tmrw !
the quality ... .and everything varies here.ca not guarantee clean floor . sandwich are different every time i get one . service is mostly positive.also , there is a big hump in the floor - see if you can find it !
service here ha gone considerably downhill . order messed up , longtime staple on their menu dropped , and price jacked up . needle to say , will be my last time going there .
it wa my first time here . wa recommended by my coworker . however , i wa a little unsure a i have read some bad review about this place.the first visit wa great . the receptionist were helpful and gave me guidance on how to get my dog licensed . everyone seemed happy and talkative . dr. bezak wa very nice . he had a smile on him the entire time i wa there . he wa very quick to give me information about anything and everything relating to the dog . overall , i had a good first visit and definitely going back.the only thing that made it did not earn a five-star is that my appointment is at 12:15pm . the entire office have their lunch at 1pm . so i can tell there wa alot of hustle to get me out of their asap . i do not mind that it wa a quick visit , but i would have liked to had time to ask more question . if you want adequate time with the doc , consider making your appointment after their lunch .
the problem i have this experience compared to my last is that the examination lasted 3 minute . the vet checked the ear , teeth , and nail then called it a day . i came home looked at his teeth and saw my pup had a `` slab fracture '' which wa still attached to the gum . the vet did not mentioned it during the `` exam '' other than telling me to buy a finger brush to brush his teeth.i wa primarily there for a vaccination shot but if they are going to charge me for a examination , they should do a proper examination . i just felt i wa rushed out of there . i took my dog to another vet where they told me about the slab fracture , gave me info on how it usually happens , potential problem that it can cause , and recommendation on way to fix the problem .
a not only pet-owners , but a dog breeder let me say - we love this place ! we have heard some bad thing from several acquaintance and counld not believe our ear ... dr. bezak is great and the staff is really friendly and helpful .
i only allow my dog to go to dr. bezak . i have had a couple chow chow is who a lot of vet are afraid of . doc had a chow himself so knew what to look out for in the breed . he ha taken good care of them over the year .
i mean , it is target . it ha everything . you just need to know what to buy there , and not get sucked into the convenience of buying everything in one spot.beware -- though their merchandise look nice , and it is a good buy for a student , you do not want to make long-term purchase here . the zipper on a skirt i bought broke the first time i wore it . i have heard horror story about disintegrating comforter during their first wash.that said , their store-brand toiletry and other sundry item are fairly cheap , and they have a wider selection than giant eagle or cv . they also have a cool program with flickr.com -- you can upload your photo , order them online from target is one-hour photo kiosk , and pay by credit card when you pick them up.i love their cheap accessory -- glass , bag , jewelry . along with claire is and filene is , target is my favorite place to shop for those thing .
what can i say , i am a shill for target ! like another reviewer say , you have to watch the impulse buying here because it is so easy to do ! but a for the name brand here , i have never had a problem with them . i bought some woolrich blanket and sheet here that my husband and i have been very satisfied with . the housewares section here is positively unbeatable . my husband rick is an amateur chef and he could blow his paycheck on the kitchen utensil . he particularly like the michael graf one . he is also an amateur photographer and he still work with film , so he like the film development here.me , i also like buying household cleaner and personal item such a soap , toothpaste , deoderant , etc because the selection is so good . i have also purchased a lot of my casual wear here .
oh target ! you are big corporate america ! but how can i not love you so ? your price are the best whenever i need household good like detergent , cleaner , etc . for personal effect such a toiletry , soap , etc , you can not be beat ! your cookware and bakeware department is every bit a good a macy is ! and i see you have the retro tee too . you know : yes http : //www.dovenetq.net.au/~mahayes/graphics/yeslogofullcircle1.jpg boston http : //www.vinylrecords.ch/b/bo/boston/boston/boston-63.jpg led zeppelin http : //henrikfalck.com/blog/uploaded_images/ledzeppelinledzeppelinalbumcover-716782.jpg we know what `` retro tee '' mean : faux aged , catering to boomer and teen , and costing way more than they origianlly did . oh and made in china of course !
omg . target is my fav store ever . i love the staff they are also so helpful and friendly . they recognize me being there quite often ! ! ! i also greatly appreciate being able to use a target coupon and a manufacture coupon ! ! ! ! ! i save so much money shopping there and now i save 5 % everyday using my target debit card ! ! ! ! ! ah i love this store ! ! ! ! ! ! !
after working for the rival of target for year , target ha become my favorite mega chain store to shop at . although it doe not seem to have every single item a other store i am still able to get in and get out in a hurry . depending on the time of day , it may be a task just to find a parking space due to the traffic light at the end of the road . if you do not mind walking a bit , the aisle where the pharmacy sign is on the building usually ha spot closer to the front of the store.the only downside i can find for this location is the smell of overly burnt buttered popcorn a soon a you walk in due to the cafe location . i prefer not to vomit a soon a i walk into a store , maybe after about ten minute in i will consider it .
this is a really great pharmacy - friendly , quick , knowledgeable , and inexpensive .
target is pretty standard . if you have been to one of them , you will know largely what to expect from this one . that being said , this store is clean , and the deal one clearance can be good . just make sure to check the circular and the website , a sometimes additional coupon can be found that the store personnel are not aware of . the electronics department staff are not very knowledgeable , and tried to pressure me into buying a different tv by repeating marketing lingo , but were unable to explain what their claim actually were when challenged on them , so make sure to do your research beforehand if purchasing electronics .
target is one of my favorite store -- i just love wandering around late at night when the store is quiet -- it is just so therapeutic ! this location is now my closest store , so i drop by pretty often.this store is pretty average . inventory and customer service are not particularly stellar but is not poor either . i have generally been able to find what i need here and check out pretty quickly . in addition to the common pharmacy and photo studio found in most target , this location also ha an optical department . of the 10-15 location in the pittsburgh area , only this store and the cranberry store sell glass . i purchased a pair of glass and sunglass through target optical three year ago and have been very happy with their product and customer service .
it is not the greatest target of all time but it still meet all of your basic needs.if you are looking for produce , lower price , and bigger selection in every department then head to the target in east liberty .
i wa in and out , and i did not wait in long to long so i am happy .
it always feel like everyone who shop at this target is moving in slow motion . just sayin'.otherwise , it is pretty much so like any other target . the line were crazy long today and i wa only buying one thing . i wa relieved when they sent a few more cashier in and opened up some more line . it definitely expedited what wa looking to be a very long wait .
target.i like target more than i like walmart . walmart is bad.i like target enough to return . i like it enough to pas by any walmart that my throw itself in my path . doe that mean i love target ? no , it is just ok .
i can live at target sometimes . i find myself coming back over and over to look at house and kitchen stuff i absolutely do not need . maybe i need new pillow or thank you note ? no ? i still need to come look at them because it is target . addicting.this one is closer to my house and it is a relatively nice size . i would not rave about customer service because it is very , very basic or sometimes doe not exist . on my last visit i had a young lady ringing me up and talking to her friend on the side at the same time . she could not scan some soap so she asked me what the price wa and i could not remember ( but i knew it wa on sale for two-something dollar ) . instead of checking it out , i watched her enter $ 3.99 a she continued to speak with her friend . i found some other mistake a well . when i am out on the floor browsing , i rarely ever get anyone asking if i need any help ( if any associate happen to be nearby ) . 99 % of the time i do not actually need help , but it is the thought that count i guess.i do not usually grocery shop at target , but if i do need something then this one is fine for me . it is a good location , parking is easy , cart are always available ( with wipe to sanitize ! ) , there is a starbucks in there ( umm hello addiction # 1 ) , and you can find some good deal . i like how they have easy to find/browse clearance section at the end of aisle . if you have their target card then some of the sale give you gift card for a purchase and you get 5 % off all your purchase with that card . i still love you target . always .
is it me or when i shop at target and get to the register the total is always double what i anticipated it be ? am i the only one ? ! target reminds me of hill when i wa a kid . since the rise of amazon i find it kind of pointless to visit any more . they do have good price of cd is and sometimes a hell of a deal on game , but nothing you could not find looking hard on ebay.save your gas if your not close but if you need something quick , i do not see why you should not use target a your option .
the waterfront a a whole is a pretty busy shopping area and this particular target is no different . with a bunch of big box store and restaurant at this side of the mall it can get pretty busy here . this target however to me seems like one of the more disorganized one compared to the many others i have been to . clothing display are very mixed up that is many thing are on rack mixed up with other thing . i found a wall hanging i liked but it wa hard to go through them where the diagonal rack storing them were . some of the toy seem to be like that too . it is not a easy to find thing here a other place . thing are or end up being where they just do not seem to belong for one reason or another.the one saving grace of most of the target store including this one is the check out line are very fast and efficient . that and the aisle are large enough to negotiate around because they seem wide enough that you do not feel so tight like at walmart .
target and i go way back like the driver is seat in my brother is car . despite my murky history with target , i prefer it way more over walmart , which is closer to home . just overall quality , atmosphere , and clientele is way better . we needed a large number of photo printed and my father had decided to go to fedex . i can only imagine this decision because they are known for print quality . they should also be known for being cumbersome and overcharging . after an hour of struggling with their machine to print , we left . i suggested target because we were in the area , and i halfway remembered that they used the kodak app to develop picture from your phone . a soon a we get in , it is always a win because picture are 25¢ , compared to 49¢ at their competitor . it wa easy to sync up the photo library via wifi to the kiosk with the app . after choosing and modifying all of our picture , we were given a slip stating our order of 63 picture would be ready in 15 minute . we picked up everything else we needed and checked out , finishing in 7 minute . by then our photo were done and we checked out at the photo stand , paying le than half of what we anticipated paying at the other place . plus the quality wa fantastic , the photo were not too glossy , and everything worked out perfectly . will we be back ? absolutely !
i find this target to be average.. although im here quite a bit . i guess im just used to where everything is at the east liberty location.. i always feel so lost here . it is decent though . the checkout line move quickly
went here last saturday and the service to customer is great . sure it wa busy but worker could be found in almost every department and even anwser question . i love that . i should say prop to mike , michelle and kaitlyn they were so helpful to me . helped me find vanilla extract , a dc comic charcter i wa looking for everywhere and a cologne they didnt have in stock . bravo loved it , felt like royalty . tho their starbucks is not so good ! hmm oh well not part of target !
target is my go to for toiletry , cleaning supply , and candy run before the movie . this particular target is a nice stop on my lunch break . the lady room is always clean and the scent in there reminds me of fruity pebble , odd i know . every now and again , i see decent deal on athletic wear and cosmetic . you get 5 cent off for each reusable bag you use . shelf are generally well stocked . the store a a whole is pretty clean although some area appear cluttered . there is a starbucks and pizza hut at this location . i have had positive experience with customer service . one time , i wa here to purchase item from a registry , but their kiosk wa down . one of the associate took her time to show me how to pull up the registry on my phone . granted , the wifi wa poor that day , but the gesture wa greatly appreciated . there is plenty of parking here and the line move quickly .
my experience here wa not great at all . i went in like 2 week ago attempting to get help with my home phone . i walked into this store expecting to be greeted by an elderly gentleman , ala i wa not and when i walked back to the home phone department to get assistance they told me my geek squad warranty wa no good here . i told the ignorant employee that i wa asking just for a new one for free ... how simple can that be . i paid 10 extra for my geek squad support and they couldnt even give me my free home phone that i deserved . i asked to speak with a manager and he told me to leave . after the police came and escorted the wrong person out ! ! ! i went to a more freindly store best buy electronics and they took care of me . i will never go back to target ever again . 1 star
watch out when it look like something is on sale . they mark a rack or table with a big buy one get one or 50 % off sign , then only some of the stuff on the rack is on sale .
ok i know what you are thinking - you are a chick ! why are you rating men is wearhouse ? ! well recently the bf and i went shopping for some business friendly clothes for him . our `` wardrobe expert '' ( and i feel terrible because i forgot his name ) wa incredibly friendly and helpful that i could not help but think - why do not they have store like this for woman ! ! ? someone who help you - no matter your size or height , find you the pant that fit your body , the dress shirt , the jacket , etc . this man wa absolutely stellar ! incredibly personable and he knew his job well . the bf left with exactly what he needed and i may or may not have talked him into a few other item ... what can i say , i like a sharp dressed man ( cue zz top ) . so if you are looking to make your man a little more stud-ly with a jacket , tie , dress shirt , or perhaps a full suit , stop by men is warehouse . you will be drooling over him in no time ; )
let is start this review by saying that when we are at that point , my girlfriend and i will be going to jos . a . bank for mine and my groomsman is suit . allow me to give you a numbered breakdown of the issue we encountered when renting from men is wearhouse to be the groomsman in our friend wedding.1- they never contacted u after the fitting after saying there would be a followup call . the other groomsman and i had to follow up repeatedly to get an answer a to when our tuxedo would arrive and the staff were very short with our honest question over the phone.2- they sent two of our tuxedo to homestead when we asked for them to be sent to ross park mall during the fitting.3- when one of u called two day prior to the wedding to ask if our tux is had arrived the guy answering the phone said `` oh ... i do not know '' ( insert an awkward , pregnant pause here while waiting for him to say `` let me check that for you '' ) he instead said `` well , i am going to hang up now . '' and he made good on that promise , and hung up.4- despite saying we will get a call a few week ahead of the wedding to be resized in case one of u gained a few lb over the winter , this call never came so we basically had to hope that everything fit a it needed to.5- we were at one point informed that mw had our email on file and that when our tux arrived at the store we would receive an email letting u know . not a single groomsman received any such email to that effect.6- one of the groomsman randomly received a black tie while everybody else had white . another received no stud . we discovered this approximately two hour to show-time while relatively far from civilization.7- on picking up my tux i informed the associate `` i will be unable to get to a men is wearhouse for a few day after the wedding , is this alright ? '' to which she responded `` yeah that should be fine '' so when my girlfriend graciously dropped off my tux for me a few day later and learned of the $ 100 late fee , i wa totally caught off guard.8- my girlfriend wa also caught totally off guard by the associate at ross park mall who wa incredibly rude to her when he informed her of said late fee.9- a the best man i wa given a coupon card for $ 50 off my next rental at men is wearhouse . since i am in another wedding next month with rental from mw i figured this would be an opportune time to use it . imagine my shock while paying for the next wedding rental , when i presented the coupon and wa told `` oh , that is not for this . that is intended for your wedding . oh and it expires on december 31st of this year . '' 10- the groom himself decided to use a coupon to purchase a suit for the wedding and to own , rather than rent a tux for the occasion . he wa ensured by the homestead staff that the coupon would be fine for this purpose and got fitted for it . when he went to pick up his suit and pay with the aid of said approved coupon he wa instead forced into an argument with an associate who insisted he could not use the coupon towards the suit that an associate a few week earlier had insisted he could use . granted , now i am speaking for another person so take that with a much salt a you may , but he reiterated this fact to me several time prior to his wedding last week.over my friend wedding weekend , any time anything even went slightly wrong at and around his wedding , the joke between the groom and his groomsman wa `` effing men is wearhouse . '' for example , at a restaurant , `` wait i asked for no onion on this sandwich . - effing men is wearhouse ! '' `` noise complaint at the hotel room ? men is wearhouse . `` another groomsman looked at me when we discovered the wrong color tie one of u received and said to me `` i hope you are taking note for your own impending wedding '' to which i replied `` perhaps i could find better service from goodwill of western pa '' congrats men is wearhouse . you became the butt of every joke for every mishap for an entire weekend around a wedding to which you provided the suits.tl ; dr - 10 mistake , several rude associate and 1 future groom going to jos . a . bank .
this place is bohunk central . tuxedo jacket fit great . white slim fit shirt looked ridiculous . it wa so big that i literally could jump off a skyscraper and land safely . my friend got sized and this new guy ( super nice ) measured his 33 inch waist at 38 . he looked really terrible at the wedding and wa super depressed about it . his jacket did not fit and his white shirt wa worse than mine . ithe staff wa really nice though . it is not their problem that men is warehouse pick vendor that support a 350 pound male frame . i hope i never rent a tuxedo from men is warehouse again .
let me start out by saying that my husband love the mw at westmoreland mall , and even rented his tux there for our wedding without issue . last year , he also rented a tux there for an out-of-town wedding he wa in . after the wedding wa over ( the next day , before we returned home ) , we returned the tux to a mw at the local mall , also sans any issues.recently , said husband got a promotion and bought some dress pant and shirt from mw at the mall , and wa sent a $ 50 gift card . last weekend , we decided to head down to the waterfront ... .lo and behold , there is a mw in homestead . who knew ? so , we head to mw to see if he can get something for free . before we go in , i ask him , how much are pant normally at mw ? he said , oh about $ 50 or $ 60 . okay , well the cheapest pair of pant we find are around $ 130 , but most around $ 200 ? ! i am shocked , never thought men is dress clothes were so pricey . again , who knew ? surprisingly , we were able to sift through the sale rack and were able to find one pair of pant on sale for $ 19.99 and dress shirt for $ 14.99 ! very exciting ! the problem wa the staff and the store itself . first of all , the store wa messy . sale rack had clothes out of place and shirt rolled up , not a good impression for a 'high end ' men is clothing store , not to mention it wa hard to look for size etc . with everything out of place.the biggest issue wa with the staff . there were five employee in the store . okay , i get it , they work on commission , but seriously . the one and only employee who approached u , and i can not remember her name but she wa a middle-aged russian woman- wa a shark ! she asked if we need help , we both say no , we are fine . just looking . i am much more assertive than my husband , however , which she realized right away . needle to say , she would not leave u alone . i tried several time - nicely - to tell her we were just looking around . my husband said , i am looking for some dress shirt and pant . maybe a tie . she just doe not get it ... keep asking `` do you want to look at more tie ? '' `` we have nice blazer and jacket '' i am finally like , lady we are only here because we have a gift card , we do not plan on spending a ton of money . getting her to leave u alone wa near impossible . if it would have been me alone , i would have walked out . however , i knew my husband wanted to use the gift card.the worst part is there were other customer in the store that no one wa waiting on . some of which were looking around for assistance . i did not get it.continuing on , check out wa a nightmare ! each and every item rang up more than the price tag . she had to end up cancelling the sale and re-doing the whole thing . we had to carefully scrutinize every thing she rang up , to make sure we were not overcharged . we ended up going over the $ 50 - obviously . so , she say , `` you can swipe your card there . '' i said , `` we have cash '' and omg you would have thought it wa the end of the world . they had no money in the drawer and she actually had to send another employee in the back to get u change . let is just say , i am sure my hub will not returning here anytime soon . you can buy nice men is clothing almost anywhere else for le money and le hassle . pro : none
after numerous visit to the men is wearhouse throughout the year , i would give this place a thumb is up . the service is always excellent . the product are comfortable . and if item do not fit , they can be altered for a fee . in the long run , the alteration make for a perfect fit .
worst customer service . from the minute you enter , you can sense the air of racism inside the store . there wa no one to help and even if you request for service , their demeaning attitude and lack of personality gave the sense of suffocation and one would feel like getting out of the store immediately . unfortunately , they portray themselves a the wannabe brook brother , but they fail to provide customer service a brook brother . i would rather continue to go to brook brother and pay $ 50 more for shirt and good customer experience without racism . it is a pity that racism still exists . men wearhouse is never going to get my online and retail business .
yikes ! awful experience.my husband is a popular guy , in lot of wedding in the last couple year and he is an unusual size -- 44 long . during the pickup just 3 short day ago at the waterfront location - for which he wa measured 16 week ago - i asked `` why is this thing like a trash bag on my handsome stud '' , their response of `` oh sorry , nothing we can do about it '' wa a complete lie . `` we can not alter rental , sorry '' . you see , on the return label i noticed the jacket wa a 48l . remember i said he is actually a 44long ? men is wearhouse on of the waterfront gave my husband a tux not one , but two full size too large . future groom -- rent your tux from a local provider . or , better yet , send your groomsman to a professional tailor to get measured for free . then , order your tux online from vietnam . you will get a tux to keep for the same price a a rental from a craptastic wage slave in the u .
i got a cheese pizza delivery from here once , and i feel like ... it is one of those place where it is okay and if that is what someone put in front of me i would eat it , but i definitely would not go , `` omg , let is eat there ! `` it wa just boring to me . ( and i love cheese pizza ! ) but some of my coworkers like to eat here on occasion , so maybe some of their other stuff is better . i would not know .
it is not that delish .
i got pizza here on a saturday night in a pinch . looking for a place that sell by the slice , i drove around for a while . not only did they have by-the-slice pizza , but they also had some of my favorite topping . i also hate crust that is too thick , and -- although i prefer it even thinner than it wa -- i wa pretty satisfied with the crust . the only thing that could be improved is the salad . we got a grilled chicken salad . the chicken and fry were okay , but the rest wa pretty run of the mill.as for the pizza , i will definitely be back for more .
i just had a white pizza with added spinach . it wa delicious ! i love the thicker crust that wa crunchy and chewy at the same time.i also got a greek salad , and you can tell the dressing wa homemade cause it wa perfect .
when i go to other pizza place i ask myself `` will this be a good a pizza company pizza '' ? . i do not understand how this place ha not gotten papa john big cause rarely do i get a pizza or a sandwich that is inconsistent with the last one i got . the steak untouchable though not primantis , is the close runner up for my favorite `` sandwich with everything on it '' . the hoagy are never soggy and this might seem like a small thing but they use shredded lettuce . i hate when you go somewhere and it is just regular ripped off the head lettuce , not this place . i do think it is a little expensive but i have watched the price go up with the economy and their popularity so i am sure it is justified . side tip , go in and get a slice of pizza , it is a little different than their whole pizza you order . it is really good.oh yeah , be sure to ask for longfellow bone , he is a cook there and a hell of a rapper . tell him hittofmcm sent you .
had a great hoagie from here last night . topping were exactly a ordered and the mozzarella stick were very good also . delivered in le time than i thought . good experience .
the pizza is definitely good . the wing are not crisp and they do not provide a dipping sauce for the wing .
i love pizza company pizza and hoagy !
i love love love this place . i can honestly say i have never had a bad experience with them . they are very friendly on the phone . always get here on a timely matter . we have had most likely everything on the menu . definitely recommend you to try them out if you are looking for a good and new pizza place to try ! ! ! ! !
pro : great selection and excellent service . they had knowledgable personnel on the floor ( manager ? ) who wa helpful.cons : traffic to the store ( one lane ) got pretty congested . would not give me a coupon that i had forgotten at home but that is not a big deal .
i head straight back to the clearance ! that is where you will find the best deal . you will be able to see your saving when you check out because it is calculated on your receipt . im a huge proponent of going after summer and winter season to stock up for next year - boot , galosh and sandal never go out of style .
i have no idea why i have lived close to this dsw for nearly a year and had never shopped here before ! this week , i wa looking for a very specific pair of heel , and dsw wa my go to place . i found a fabulous name-brand pair at a great price . while browsing around , there wa an associate who wa slowly straightening shoe , but she made no effort to talk to or even smile at me ( which is awkward because i smiled at her ) . thankfully , the cashier wa an extremely sweet and outgoing older lady , who encouraged me to sign up for their loyalty program . though i did not really need to sign up , she wa so kind that i could not say no . i plan on going back very soon !
i have been coming to this dsw approximately every other month over the last year . the waterfront is my go-to place when i need to do mindless wandering and shopping , and this store ha been added to my regular itinerary . i came here on friday night needing to zone out and to just try ridiculous amount of shoe for fun . i headed back to the clearance ( unusual for me ! ) and wow , what a selection ! seychelles summer wedge for $ 14 ... minnetonka suede booty for $ 50 ... both the style and the price were spot on ! i ended up purchasing a pair of audrey brooke summer wedge for $ 12 along with some nina silver `` wedding '' pump for $ 30 . what bargain ! however , i am not writing this review update to just talk about fab shoe find and great deal ... the first several time that i shopped here , customer service wa dismal ( a mentioned in my previous review ) . however , the last couple time i have been here , i have seen associate a soon a i walk through the door and been quickly offered assistance . this is a significant difference from what i experienced in the past , and i just had to recognize this store for making positive change ! keep up the good work - and the great assortment - and i will be back often !
this store ha such bad service . the service staff are rude rude rude . save your money , shop elsewhere .
this bed bath & beyond seems like your average store location . i do not have anything too bad or too exciting to say about this location ... descent product and descent service . i would just recommend taking all of your bed bath & beyond coupon with you when shopping because staff will help you combine them a best a possible .
i love bed bath & beyond ! the employee at this particular one are always available and helpful ! the selection , plus the 20 % off coupon keep me coming back , and it also where i get all of the thing for my soda stream . overall i will be back many , many time
basically after being sent here after not having the item at another location , i walk in and go to the exact spot that the item is suppose to be . and yet again , the exact one is not on the shelf.frustrated , i walk to the customer service desk and ask whether or not they have it . which the response i got wa to basically look on the shelf . after i told them i did that already , one of the employee had an ingenious idea . instead of checking the kitchen part of the store , why not check the bath part . what do you know , that is where it was.so that just make me think that they had this item at the other store , but just were not in tune with knowing that the item wa located in another part of the store.everything after that wa a smooth ride . wedding registry updated , purchased , and gift wrapped . yes , these place have an area that you can gift wrap for free . it say it is a do it yourself area , but for some reason an employee did mine for free . only downside is that some of the gift wrapping that some of the wrapping item have the store name on it , which might look a bit tacky .
this is a very small , yet nice store . the associate are nice and helpful . not much else to say about this particular store . just a pleasure to purchase from ...
i love bbb ; however , this location is terrible . it is rare that i find an employee that actually help you voluntarily . i feel that everyone hate their job , especially the manager , davina . i work at a more upscale retail store and i feel it is my responsibility to genuinely welcome , smile , greet , and service our client . maybe i am reaching too high with bbb . i feel they expect you to greet them and make them feel comfortable . i never could understand this mentality . maybe they should pay me for this responsibility .
coffee ! ! i have a keurig vue and this is the only store i have been able to find that carry vue cup . the only other place i can find them is online and i am not a morning person . so waiting a week for shipping is just not an option sometimes . aside from that i feel like all they jam pack the store full of everything they can . not that that is a bad thing but it doe make it hard to find what your looking for sometimes .
if you take nothing else from this review , remember this ... bed bath & beyond accepts expired coupon . save those jawns . i keep a freezer bag full of bbb coupon in the car because i never know when i want to stop by just to look around or pick something up specifically . the store is organized well and there is a lot in there ... bedroom , bathroom , kitchen , art and decor , organizational/storage supply , outdoor rug , and so much more . during back to school season , this is the place to be for your campus living item . sometimes staff is hard to come by , but they are helpful when you find them . the price are competitive and there is no reason to pay full price for your k cup , keurig , appliance , and bed set when you have a coupon .
this is my go to for towel and bathroom accessory . they also have very affordable bedspread and down pillow . it is a nice place to shop with helpful employee . i hate searching for and saving coupon and receipt and would prefer that retail establishment just keep their price low . the cost in time and efficiency in managing coupon , both for the store and the consumer could easily be eliminated and saving passed on in lower price .
is it a pittsburgh thing ? maybe so but that is no excuse for this crumby diner chain . the few time i have dined ( if that is what you want to call it ) at an e'np i felt like committing sepaku ( hari - kiri ) . i never got sick from the food but more disgusted with myself for stooping to this level of gastronomy . nothing really worthwhile on the menu ( maybe a burger- how much can you mess that up ? ) . my gut just tell me not to trust e 'n p . no offense to truck driver of america b/c they keep supply on our self but it reminds me of a truck stop restaurant without the truck driver . i always seem to migrate to the salad bar and get weirded out for having to deal with the utensil that pick up the salad . so i wind up washing my hand after getting my salad stuff . the waterfront e 'n p is perhaps the cleanest one i have been to but that is not saying much b/c the patron are kinda off . so an extra star for this location . but it is not like i would ever say to my friend in ny , sf , london or wherever ... '' hey when you come to pittsburgh be sure to go to an e 'n p to get the flavor of the city '' . obviously this place appeal to a certain class of people of which i guess i can not be a part of a much a i want to be at time .
just okay . often crowded on weekend for food that while i am sure well prepared is not the most flavorful . this store is literally next door to the headquarters of eat n park so it is a safe bet that this is the best one there is.strawberry pie being the exception to the rule . there are better place to eat for the same money .
eat 'n park ha become my standby in the area . i truly do enjoy what i get at this little diner/fast food chain . ordered the following item : stuffed pepper soup and salad barchicken noodle soupblack angus bbq burger with macaroni and cheesehot turkey sandwichpepsii love the fact that i can serve my own soup and create my own salad at the bar . i really love the fact that the salad bar ha such good ingredient that are atypical for most place . i would stay away from the pepper soup , it wa not very good . the hamburger is nothing special , but it taste good , is not overcooked and ha a good barbeque sauce with onion that are actually cooked . the macaroni and cheese is better from stouffers out of the freezer . i abstained from the turkey and just relished in my burger and salad ( spinach green , cucumber , cherry tomato , sunflower seed , and balsamic vinaigrette ) . i will continue to return .
eat 'n park is pittsburgh is version of ihop.great food at cheap price . really good salad , sandwich and burger . like dave p. said , this is one of the better location probably because it is right next to the headquarters.service ha always been go at this location .
ugh . i have always been an eat n park fan , but this place wa awful . it wa a friday night and granted it wa pretty busy , but gawwwwwd . it seemed like every single employee wa around 16 year old . the service wa very slow . we ordered an appetizer platter and cheese fry to split . easy enough , right ? well they did not fry anything long enough so it wa soggy and all the breading wa falling off everything . my drink wa never refilled . even worse , we noticed ant crawling all over the window sill next to u ! half an hour later the server decides to ask `` you gettin ' dessert ? '' we ordered slice of pie to go . my `` slice '' of strawberry pie wa two strawberry and a few crumb of crust . we went up front to pay to find one lady at the register ( who seemed to be the sole adult employee ) counting her drawer and nobody else in sight . we stood there and evil eyed her for a few minute and she finally took a break from her conversation to say someone would be with u . a few more minute and finally the girl who wa our server ring u up . i asked for a different , actual slice of pie , which she managed to get about five minute later . basically the whole experience wa pure torture , which is disappointing .
i love eat 'n park . whenever i come to pittsburgh , i go to this restaurant . this area is great in the waterfront . it is so peaceful here . pittsburgh is a beautiful city . eat n park ha the best pie . i wish we have this at home . their banana cream pie and their strawberry pie are my family is favorite . their food is better than ihop . they are so cheap . you can get a slice of pie for $ 3 . they have a variety of everything and they are clean . their cheese fry , milk shake , and their breakfast menu are great . not everything is great on the menu but they have everything you can think of in a diner and the best part is they are open 24 hr a day . if you are hungry in the middle of the night , they have a midnight menu . i like this location better than the one at squirrel hill . the waitress are nicer and the food is better . we stop here every time we are in town . they are not a fancy place but they have good cheap food . try the food , you can not go wrong with the money you are paying .
being next door to corporate you would have higher expectation . the breakfast bar is lame . back home ( fayette county ) there seems to be a lot more variety such a corn fritter , apple cinnamon `` thingies '' , and little potato cake to name a few . the salad bar is just a bad , the side dish they offer are usually ruined with meat which make no sense to me because the tiny ham cube and bacon bit are already on the bar so if anyone wanted to add them into their linguini salad or whatever , they could.the late night patron are a bit unsavory , speaking of which , my ex roommate used to work here and i could tell you some story but i do not want to freak you out .
i went here around 12:30 am on january 1 , 2011 , after new year ' eve . they had a breakfast buffet laid out.i will barely gone to any eat 'n park this past year because my local one ( in edgewood ) is horrible , so i wa pleasantly surprised that there wa nothing wrong here . we were seated quickly , the waiter handled the beverage order quickly , and the buffet wa fine . no problem at all , except when the place got completely packed around 1 am and we had a bit of trouble tracking down the waiter to get our check ... that wa not a big deal , though.i can not justify giving more than 3 star due to the fact that eat 'n park is not exactly fine dining , but we got filling food for minimal hassle , so it wa a good experience overall .
this is the best location of the best restaurant in the world . i visit eat'n park every chance i get when i come from out of town . i regularly have craving for this place even after moving out of state year ago .
much like every other eat 'n park ( 3 or 4 star worth of chain-diner food ) , except the last five time i have been here , the service ha been damn , damn , daaaaaaaamn slow . it is always fun to see the staff smoking out back while i have waited an hour for some scrambled egg .
if you must eat at eat n park , this is the one you want to go to . why you ask ? the corporate office are right next door and the suit are there every day , breakfast lunch and dinner . when i spend a few hour with dear old mom , she enjoyed spending a day at the waterfront , she loved the since closed 39 center store , where she could buy her monthly greeting card for 39 cent each . then we drive over to this eat n park where she ha her breakfast smile and i enjoy an egg beater sandwich and fresh fruit.this place is spotless , the salad bar always look fresh and the food is good , for a chain .
we do not have eat n park in illinois , so when i first saw one , i remarked to my sweetheart , `` eat and park ... doe not it make more sense to park first , then eat ? '' yeah , i know , that is like a bad dad joke . but anyway , to a foreigner like me , eat n park is awesome ! we only come here for brunch , and since i aint got no job and limited fund , it is pretty awesome to enjoy a brunch for two for under $ 20 . the unlimited house coffee is delicious , and i am not even a big coffee drinker ( more of a tea aficionado myself ) . another thing i dig about this place is even though they are very much a meat and potato diner , they are really good about accommodating vegetarian diet . i like the smile .
the worker here are extremely friendly , and the inside is absolutely beautiful . there is also a playful statue of the famous smiley mascot for people to see and take picture with it ! kid love smiley and so do i ! they have so many great item on the menu to choose from that i have trouble deciding !
this company represents a honest and caring company that care about their community . they operate a variety of business and restaurant including the eat n park location , the new porch in shenley , six and penn kitchen , and the new upcoming hello bistro . i can not wait to try all of their dinning place .
they burned my fish and they burned it bad . ordering fish at eat'n park is always a gamble . i just never know how it is going to turn out . i am a risk taker so i ordered two piece of baked lemon sole . well it went terribly wrong . my waiter came out and said , `` they burned your fish , so i had them put two new piece in the oven . '' i wa impressed by his honesty and did not mind waiting for two new piece . i gladly helped myself to my boyfriend is french toast while i waited . then out of no where another server come to the table with the burnt fish and set it down infront of me . with the burnt side down of course . that just show the kitchen is not in total coordination . like i said getting fish from eatn ' park is a toss up . in the end i got two nicely baked piece of sole to replace the burnt one , so i left satisfied .
i like this eat'n park . even though it is a chain , not all of them are created equal . the wait staff and kitchen staff really make a big difference in whether or not an eat'n park is worth patronizing . eating here , i change my mentality a bit . i always order the seven dollar bbq burger with the salad bar add on for two dollar . in my mind , i always see myself ordering the seven dollar salad bar with a two dollar hamburger . when the salad bar is kept stocked , it ha some really good and fresh item . i love that they have spinach and not just iceburg lettuce . i wish other eat'n park were more like this one .
yes , i know that it is cheap diner food , but c'mon ... you have your corporate headquarters within walking distance and this is all you can serve up ? my husband and i were craving a late night snack after seeing a movie a couple weekend ago and decided to try this eat 'n park location for the first time . i had always been adequately satisfied at other location so i thought this restaurant would be worth a try.i ordered several item - sweet potato fry with apple butter dip , hot chocolate , and pumpkin creme pie . i think my husband ordered some sort of burger or sandwich . anyway , every item wa problematic in some way . the fry were good , but the apple butter wa oddly thick and sweet . the hot chocolate had `` creative '' chocolate syrup drizzling , that wa running all down the cup and saucer . i had to carefully drink the beverage - which wa ok - because i wa afraid that i would get the syrup all over my hand , face , and clothes . the pumpkin creme pie looked like it wa sliced by a 5 year old . it looked like it had been carelessly cut and plopped onto the plate , where it appeared very flat and unappetizing.however , our waitress wa the sweetest , middle-aged woman ! our food took a little time to get to our table ( not too bad though ) and she comped two of the item ( i believe the hot chocolate and the pie ) from our bill . she wa very attentive and kind while we dined there , and i made sure that my husband gave her a good tip . if i remembered her name , i would definitely mention it in this review.however , despite our kind service , i am not planning on returning to this location any time soon .
went here on a saturday night . despite being busy , we were seated quickly but unfortunately that wa the only good part of the visit . i ordered the buffalo chicken mac and cheese and after about 30 minute , it arrived with dry burnt fry and `` toast '' that wa not toasted at all . the most egregious error wa within the macaroni itself -- there wa not a single drop of hot sauce in the dish whatsoever ! i waited about 15 more minute until the server came back to tell her my dish wa lacking a primary ingredient . she asked if i wanted some hot sauce on the side to put on myself , but it had taken so long to deliver and for her to return to our table that the macaroni wa stone cold and no amount of hot sauce would have saved it . she took it back to the kitchen and brought me a new one , but did not offer any sort of apology or compensation . by the time i finally got to have a bite of my dinner , it wa 55 minute into our visit and my girlfriend had already finished her meal . i could overhear people around u complaining about their food being incorrect or delivered to the table cold so i doubt i will be coming back here any time soon .
fow what it is this eat n park really is a lot better then i remember . i also really like and approve of them offering healthier lower calorie option that have some variety and taste good .
we had a really nice sunday brunch here today . it exceeded my expectation which were admittedly very low . we needed some healthy food option for our 1.5 year old a well a enough comfort food to satisfy our starving and lazy weekend belly . there wa a short 10 minute wait for a table at around noon but the hostess wa nice enough and they gave u a big , clean booth with a partial view of the river . it took another 10-15 minute to get service although our waiter did pop by to say he would be right with u . another waitress took our order in the end and they comped u for one buffet . so the three of u ate for the price of one since kid five and under get a free buffet with a paying adult . ( $ 7.99 ) ok enough about the service which wa slowish but it is a full house at that time so understandable . the food : the buffet wa constantly refreshed and each container overflowing with hot food . my favorite : really well cooked fried chicken perfectly salted and complemented with frank is red hot sauce . biscuit and gravy , the biscuit were a little dry , mini peirogies , cooked baby carrot , really nice mini pancake , stuffing , bacon , and ok-only home fry . it is too bad co i generally judge a place by the quality of their breakfast potato but in this case the fried chicken more than made up for it . my husband had some decent salad and good clam chowda.my kid ate everything on the other end of the buffet : cherry tomato , cottage cheese , cooked baby carrot , cantaloupe and honeydew melon , pineapple , bit of peirogie and chicken . the waiter gave him a shamrock sugar cookie at the end of the meal . we helped him eat most of it : ) there were a few miss : french toast were disappointingly dry and hard and the buttery/oniony noodle were undercooked . other thing looked good but we could not try it all : mini-waffles , mash potato and gravy , sausage patty , cheesey sauce , scrambled egg . we will just have to go again in a few weekend . alright folk , do not need to run out and crowd it up but that fried chicken ... mmm mmm .
some how even though the food at this eat'n park is down right abominable , the smile and laughter is always there . how can i stay mad when the price or so cheep ? myself my boyfriend and his nephew had lunch with milkshake and me having a coffee it wa $ 31.00on this particular occasion the fire alarm went off and rang and rang and rang loud and long for over 15 minute before the fire department got there realized they did not have key to turn it off and than another 10 minute later finally shut it off ... only at eatn ' park.my baked potato wa hard a a rock , i had ordered two piece of baked cod and only received one . the waitress wa very sweet and attentive and really attempted to build a rapport with our lil nephew which i thought wa sweet .
great location ! i love that you can substitute burger with a veggi patti and that they have gluten free bread . love love love the smiley cooky : )
always good food at a fair price . it is not gourmet , but they have an amazing salad/ soup bar that would put most other place to shame . great fresh food , friendly service , and dessert to go . can not beat it .
the food is usually pretty good , however the service is almost always very very slow . most of the staff are pretty friendly and sweet but there are a few sour one in the bunch that make the experience not a nice a it could be . although they still technically do their job , you can feel very negative vibe from them and see how inefficient they are with the way they do thing . it is a hit and miss . unless you know one of the server and their schedule . the low rating is mainly for the slow service and the handful of staff member who are not very pleasant .
i thought this is a nice place to eat if you have a family . lot of option , food wa pretty good and cheap . wa satisfied with my meal , had fish with veggie ( year ago ) and did tell others that this wa a nice option.its not super gourmet , but it is a place you can grab a nice meal at a good price .
they make a nice breakfast for le than the tip form dinner the night before . that is not bad !
eat n park is usually decent . this location though ha horribly slow service . seriously , we never wait le than 10 minute for a server to acknowledge u , and we live near the waterfront , so we have given this location the benefit of the doubt numerous time . each time hoping that the last wa just a fluke , new staff , or something . it is not . doe not matter what time we go . it seems we are not acknowledged for several minute , and then the service is mediocre at best . occasionally , we have had a stellar service , but it is few and far between . today , after waiting 15 minute , then getting up to find a server in another section , we were informed that we were sitting in a `` closed '' section . that server offered to serve u , but honestly , we left . i told the hostess who seated u about the mixup , and got a blank stare . i have never had this issue at any other enp . we left , drove to the squirrel hill location , and our order were taken in the amount of time we wasted at the waterfront . mgmt- you have a beautiful , prime location . get your host and server on the same page !
food is decent . service is always hit or miss . great for a quick family breakfast . buffett for kid is free with an adult . boom .
i wa in a jam and wa meeting relative for an impromptu breakfast . this wa not fast and easy however- they did a great job making a slow experience by giving u free cooky and very nice service . my egg white spinach omelette wa excellent .
very good cheap food . pittsburgh classic.great dessert ! the oreo pie is amazing ! the server are always very friendly . the salad bar could be a little more clean .
people may complain that the food is not high quality or the place is a bit messy , but c'mon it is a diner ! ! i have been going to eat n park ever since i wa a little kid living in pittsburgh . 12 year ago i moved to nj and now i go to school at pitt and it is still one of my favorite restaurant . whenever my family come to visit i do not want to go to some fancy high end restaurant , i always choose eat n park . the nicest service , and greatest 'comfort food ' . they have one of the best salad bar , and i also love their fried zuchinni strip , and potato soap ! ! be sure to grab the cinnamon bun to go , a well a a smiley face cookie .
god i hate eat n park . only reason i have gone is for the salad bar because u cant find a decent salad bar in this city . just about every entree iv had here is nothing more than rubbish , except maybe the cheesteak . only go if u have little kid
poor service from the door . i walked in and wa ignored . when i walked in they were more worried about the lack of pie in the case than they were in seating customer . in fact the person that entered after me wa attended to before i wa even acknowledged . i mean , i am no skinny person by a long shot , but if i am standing in front of the hostess podium , i expect to be noticed at least . when i wa finally seated thing went a little smoother . that might be because i opted for the salad bar and did not have to have anyone bring me the item from there . i really expected better from this location , especially since it is basically next door to the home office . there wa no line or mad rush to get in here , i just baffled .
what i love about enp ( aside from the smiley face cooky ) is they have different thing on the menu you do not find at bob evans and cracker barrel like vitamin water , egg benedict , omelette , buffet , healthier option . service wa great .
eat n park is the place for smile , but mine is kind of that emoji that ha a squiggly line . thins i like about enp:1 . you always know what you are getting . standard across the board . 2.pies great . baked good great . 3 . soup good . 4. who doe not love a smiley cookie ? 5 . they are a charitable group and i think that is awesome . thing that make me squiggly smile . i ordered the basic breakfast smile the other day . i asked to hold the toast and potato and swap a fruit cup . get the less-than-half-cup of fruit and it is sub par . yes , winter , but is not their ideal to use what is in season ? i can still find some sort of fruit in grocery store that is decent and you are a major chain ! find a supplier . what really wa disappointing wa that my server up-charged me 1.99 for less-than-half-cup . now i have worked in the past for many year . yes , some swap do require an additional charge , but really ? i just gave you back potato and toast for clear fruit . she did take it off , but i am sure she wa doing what is practice . so if i would have paid for that it would have been over 10 buck for two egg , two piece of bacon ( which is a buck a piece on up charge on friend is sandwich ) and coffee and basically three bite of fruit . eat n park is the place for squiggly smile .
possibly the worst dining experience i have had . my husband and i were riding the bike trail in pittsburgh and we decided to grab a bite to eat here since this location is right along the trail . we noticed there were many table open on the patio so we requested to sit outside . it wa rather busy inside so we waited patiently for 20 minute until it wa our turn to be seated . the hostess then took u to a table inside the restaurant . not wanting to be rude , i asked if they were not putting anyone outside for some reason ... she said the person who took our name did not indicate that we wanted to sit outside ( however , i watched her write `` patio '' next to our name ) . we were then led outside and told to sit where ever we wanted ... because it wa still basically empty ... finally happy to be seated , we waited another 10 minute or so for our waitress to come . she asked if we were ready to order both our meal and drink so we did . it took another 10 minute to get our drink which we quickly drank because we were thirsty from riding . we were able to get a refill before we got our food since it took over 40 minute from the time we ordered it . the waitress came back one more time after we were done eating and i asked it i could talk to someone about how long everything took but she did not seem interested . no apology . nothing . she simply said that sometimes they are not told when someone is seated outside . maybe that would explain the initial wait but why the terrible service after she clearly knew we were there ? this eat'n park is a joke . extremely slow service and a rude waitress on top of it . the food wa ok , but paying for that meal made me feel like i wa being robbed . a group of people at the table next to u walked out after waiting 10-15 minute for a waitress to acknowledge them . even when a woman at the table asked our waitress if she could order drink , she just went inside and ignored them . whoever manages this restaurant should be ashamed !
this ha to be the worst restaurant at the waterfront . from the second i walked in the door no one acknowledged my sister or myself for at least five to ten minute , which i thought wa weird because they were not busy . the manager , who wa standing close and talking to another employee looked briefly at u , did not smile or welcome u , turned and continued her conversation . we finally get sat at a booth that the hostess sloppily wiped off , left crumb all over the seat and left old trash sitting on the table . we sat in the booth for ten minute waiting for someone to come wait on u before i finally decided enough wa enough and left . my sister love eat n park but every time i enter the waterfront store i am severely disappointed . i have been a manager and a cook at two very busy restaurant in oakland for over six year so i know what i am talking about . i have never let anyone stand in a doorway like that , i would wait on you myself until the waitress could get to you . it is appalling to see what that place ha become . i will never go back to that place again .
from the last time i wa here it wa a complete one-eighty . our service wa way above average , in fact our waitress wa amazing . she wa attentive and even doted over my niece , it felt great to be welcomed and accommodated this time around.this visit i wa here with a bigger party than last time , but that did not stop u from receiving some of the best service i have ever had at an enp . food is standard , especially if you are like me and enjoy the salad bar . it is not the hugest salad bar , but it ha enough item on it to feel your stomach and then some.oh , and i rediscovered the grilled stickies . o m g ! i forgot how much those ooey gooey grilled sticky bun of gold could be the perfect ending to a healthy meal . ; )
we had 20 people so we had our own room . the server janee started off strong setting a tone for our meal that she would be organized and on point . unfortunately , that wa the high point of this service . we sat there for 20 minute without drink , in fact some meal started coming out and we still did not have our beverage . half the table had pepsi or diet pepsi , the other half had water and two people had dr. pepper . i am not sure why they could not just get pitcher ... ..i got the salad bar only , it wa ok but it wa messy so when you went to add item other item were mixed in which is kind of gross , i thought the chili wa overly salty . the other people we were with did not have much good to say about their meal , with the exception of the angus burger . janee did stop and take a picture of our whole table which wa nice and we were there three hour so she did earn her pay , but she set the expectation high that she knew what she wa doing and it fell flat pretty fast . i am not sure it wa all her fault a she did not seem to have a staff that wa working to support her , just catch her up a needed . i think if you have 20 people at a table 2-3 staff member would make you more successful . when we went to leave i bought a dozen of the sugar cooky . the person at the counter did not know how to ring them up and wa quite rude when i asked for her to ring them up , like i wa doing her a disservice by asking to purchase the restaurant is product . that wa my first time at eat'n park and i think i would prefer to just eat at denny is next time .
the waitress there are extremely rude . on two occasion that i went there the same rudeness wa there in 2 of the older wait staff . not sure what this is about.. ? ? the first time a lady friend of mine did not order the buffett and the watress tried to charge me..then proceeded to argue with me ... lol..this morning.. another older last kept rolling her eye at every quetion i had ... lol ... never go there again..
good cheap food . horrible service . had to wait 15 minute before our waiter to even acknowledge u . he then wa really rude and never gave u napkin or fork . our appetizer came out before our drink . did not get any refill .
salad bar looked old . dry food , mashed veggie , etc . the girl that usually doe it had just come in.ashley wa our waitress ... fantastic service !
perhaps the crowd here is le harsh , because i feel like the location in squirrel hill ha been consistently better despite having a slightly lower rating . i have only been here three time - twice on a wednesday night around 5 and once on a saturday at around noon . from looking at the other picture , the food doe not seem so bad , so i might have just been unlucky on the wednesday evening , because both time i have ordered , the food wa completely unsatisfactory.the first time , the sesame pork chop wa tiny - definitely not worth nearly 10 dollar ( i take some presentation into account a well , and the food just looked thrown together on the plate ) . but i had the great salad bar to make up for it , and managed to cram 6 plate of salad because i am a college student trying to maximize my nutrient to price ratio . and on the plus side , the waiter , kevin , wa very friendly , and even comped my huge piece of pumpkin creme pie for no particular reason . i did not mention anything about the pork chop because i wa very satisfied with the salad bar , anyway.the second time , i ordered the chicken broccoli alfredo , and it wa absolutely disgusting . i could see oil droplet on the entire dish ( and i understand that alfredo is a creamy , oily dish , but this wa ridiculous ) , the chicken wa slightly burnt , and there were three piece of broccoli . in a dish called `` chicken and broccoli alfredo ! '' honestly , i have never sent back food because who know how chef would respond , but oh well . on the plus side , the waitress ( aly or ally i think ) wa absolutely lovely . a lot of energy , smile , and attentiveness , so of course , i tipped well.the place wa packed on saturday at noon , but other than that i had no issue . i am not sure who cut the pie though ( whether they are already sliced or the waiter/waitress doe it quickly ) , because the carrot cake i had wa considerably tinier than the pumpkin creme pie ! perhaps they will anticipated not having enough ?
decent . the food is not anything to write home about about . would go here if someone wanted to go , but it would not be my idea .
we come here alot but i think thats based on location and price . food and service are hit and miss . i love the soup and salad a doe my daughter and she is free which is great . you can get the meal w the soup and salad and bring the meal home from filling up on the bar .
every time i have come to this location i have been disappointed with the service , the food , the cleanliness and/or the wait . i do not understand how their hq is next door and this location is such a step down from other location . this visit the salad bar wa notably missing item , the soup at the salad bar were practically empty and watery . the restroom wa dirty . the coffee wa stale . and the steak salad ordered off the menu wa browned head lettuce with `` steakums '' looking meat . further , while i wa at the salad bar , an employee and presumably a manager were discussing another employee who wa always late and not able to effectively do his job and were also complaining about patron not putting the serving spoon back in an upright position after use . i do not think i will come back to this location . the location on street run rd and clairton blvd is the exact opposite of this location . i will take my business there .
i recently went into this eat n park and had a horrible experience . the food wa sub par and the seating , if you want to call it that , made my butt hurt for week . i had a hard time sitting down right for almost a week and a half . how can a restaurant not have proper seating for it paying customer ? i should not have to eat this sub par food in a booth that feel like a home for grizzly bears.oh , and do not get me started when i asked for the wine list . i enjoy a nice glass of red wine when i indulge myself in an all you can eat buffet . trying to eat `` fresh '' pineapple with no wine just break my heart .
my experience wa subpar at best the hostess didnt even offer to take our coat . our table wa terrible we sat in an hard cusioned like material which hurt my bottom and when the `` waitress '' offered u water it did not taste like it wa bottled in spain like we asked for in the beginning . our evening then became even more nightmarish than one could ever hope for . we asked for the fresh tilapia stuffed with creme freshe and the waiter looked at u like we were foreigner something . so we had to settle for chicken finger . and when i went to the restroom to pas those horrendous monstrosity of mutated chicken there wasnt even one of those bathroom people there to offer me a towel and their colourful company . i had to end up toweling myself with a blow dryer . i still tipped the blow dryer by inserting silver dollar into those slot . overall you will never see me there again and i will take my business to applebee is .
i love this place . you can have buffet , breakfast , lunch , and dinner . awesome place . it is clean and the customer service is excellent . i will say they get busy and the wait can be dragging process , but overall they treat you with respect . the last time i wa there i ate the seafood platter . it wa a little dry , but the waitress wa nice enough to bring more sauce . i never complain about the food because it is alway fresh . i do suggest it and would go there again and again !
this is a stop i hit whenever i head to the waterfront . it is a pretty large store with lot of goody . yes , it take time to find thing i like , but that is what discount store are about ! overall , of all the tj maxxes i have been to ( from new mexico to boston ) , this is a pretty good one .
this tj maxx is quickly becoming a weekly stop for me ! the corporate team is definitely giving this store a lot of love with the product that they receive . lately , i have not been able to go into this store without spending at least $ 50-100 . dangerous ! a you walk in , handbag are the first thing you see . last time i visited the store , i wa on a mission -- coffee table decor -- but wa quickly sidetracked by a large , briefcase-sized , black leather michael kor bag priced half-off the suggested retail price . so tempting ... but i forgot about this amazing bag when i stumbled upon two quality sweater thirty second later . one wa design history , which is a brand currently sold at nordstrom , saks , neimans , and bluefly , for only $ 25 . i also found adrienne vittadini flat for $ 29 , meri meri cupcake kit for $ 7 , woodwick candle for $ 10-12 , and a luxurious tahari throw blanket for $ 29 . i walked out of the store minus $ 120 in my debit account with at least $ 300+ of product.i have also been delightfully surprised by the cleanliness of the store and the fitting room and by the friendliness of the staff . i wa having an issue with my debit card while there , and the two associate that i worked with were very helpful and understanding about the issue.i will definitely be going back in the next week or two to see what amazing new deal they will have then !
great variety and exceptional bargain . from home decore to clothes and specialty food and gadget , tj maxx ha got you covered.it is hardly ever crowded , store is clean and check out are quick .
i enjoy this tj maxx location . i am not sure that any tj maxx in western pa ha a good of a selection a the johnstown tj maxx , ( yes , that is right , i really did say johnstown ) but this one is pretty close . there is plenty of space , and there is a decent homegoods section a well . not huge , but decent.this location always ha a few bliss product , which make it top notch in my opinion . i mean , where else can you get discounted bliss product ? ? i generally do not have a lot of success with shoe at tj maxx because they never seem that discounted to me , but i have struck gold at this location several time . last summer i scored two pair of cole haan wedge for under $ 40 at the beginning of summer , and i have had success with booty here a well . great deal on shoe make me a happy girl ! all in all , this is a great location , and one that i frequent at least a few time per month .
decent size , decent selection , decent staff.i guess that can wholly sum this place up , it is decent . a with many other store that are like this , the product rotates depending on what doe not sale well at other store . can always snag a deal here . i wa able to pick up a pretty sweet puma jacket for $ 10 , can not beat that , right ? that being said , there are those time that you may not find anything a well . so really do not get your hope up if you are looking for a specific item .
to me tj maxx mean great item at a great price ! they always have name brand handbag , jewelry , shoe , and clothing at a great price . you find shoe from coach , clothes from calvin klein , and jewelry from betsy johnson . they have purse from michael kor , , coach , and kate spade plus many others . it is a great place to shop for item for your home , be it bedding or cookware that you need . plus they have great decorative item a well . it is a great place to not only shop for yourself but for gift . they have the best selection of frame around . it is all at great price .
this is the closest tj maxx to me . i am glad that the waterfront also ha discount store because we all know i love them . i head to this store often bc it good to see if you can snag a deal . the clothes selection here is nice a well a the shoe . recently i picked up a nathans water bottle . i price compared on amazon & to check review . it wa $ 15 on amazon ( & had great review ) . it wa at tj maxx for $ 7.99 . whooo ! i use it everyday and it perfect for the gym .
i wa somewhat disappointed that i did not find what i wa looking for . this is a fairly small marshall . it did not look like the store received the worst item around , they just do not appear to have a lot of diversity like many of the other marshall that i patronize . will i return ? yeah , i will . i had one item in mind that i wa looking for and did not look for very many other thing .
if you are looking for a wallet , a new cheap purse or something of that nature -- this is the place to go.otherwise , this kind of shopping just is not for me ! i do not have the patience for clothes shopping here though.the rack drive me nut bc they are in no particular order.its `` shirts/sizes '' , `` pants/sizes '' , `` jeans/sizes '' , `` coats/sizes '' i can not look through a gazillion rack of shirt looking for something i like ( aimlessly ) in a m or l ... i just cant do it ! lolwish i could , i will probably find some deals.pros : some good dealscons : you have got ta `` dig deep '' to find 'em
went in here to grab a last minute item i needed for an outfit . i wa not going to hold my breath here either , i know it is a marshall and that doe not always mean the best selection . it is hit or miss no matter what you are looking for.this day , wa a hit , maybe even a home run . i do have to admit , the kenneth cole shirt i got not only looked great on me , but made my wallet feel even better !
since both marshall and tj maxx are owned by the same company , i make sure to stop by both location when shopping at the waterfront . i generally find nothing or spend only $ 10 or so at marshall , while being enticed to spend at least $ 50-100 at tj maxx . the waterfront tj maxx seems to have not only the same product a this marshall plus a whole lot more . all that to say , i consider shopping here a waste of time since i could just drive a block or so and be at a store owned by the same company that always ha what i want and need . sorry , marshall , but you are just ok to me .
not quite sure if i really need to review marshall , since i am probably not going to say much that ha not already been said . i noticed all other review are 2 or 3 star a well . i prefer the marshall in greensburg , but my husband like to stop in here whenever we are down at the waterfront , and heck , why not ? it is hit or miss , of course . at time i can find absolutely nothing . but not on this last trip . i scored my new favorite tank top for $ 2 ! ! the h , in desperate need of new black work sock , found some for eight buck ! it wa actually a 6 pack of sock , but came with an extra pair . so , 7 pair of sock for $ 8 ... .not too shabby . i also found a super cute home-made-esque wedding card for my cousin is upcoming wedding for $ 1.99 . any day with bargain is a good day !
marshall is hit or miss with me , but during the last two visit , i found what i wa looking for , for great price . score ! they have a decent selection of shoe , although my size is hard to come by here . cute handbag and i approve of their activewear selection . one can never have too many workout clothes . i also purchase trouser sock here.every now and again , i check out the housewares and i have liked what i saw . they have some unique decor and gift , sometimes small furniture piece . year ago , i purchased decorative pillow from here that match my living room furniture perfectly . i have also purchased child is gift ( book and toy ) from here.the staff is generally pleasant and i met a friendly associate manning the dressing room tonight . if you are into stylish reusable bag , they have some new spring design that are cute . just 99 cent .
finally , i restaurant in pittsburgh that i can give 4 star ! ! mitchell is is located on the waterfront and is one of the nicer restaurant in that area . the interior is a classic , clean , modern seafood restaurant -- dark wood , glass , etc ... the menu ha really great seafood selection and is printed daily . but here is what is great about this place : after 4pm you can get `` small plate '' at the bar for $ 3 each , and these ai not no costco fish stick ! two of these small plate would make a sufficient meal ( along with the sourdough french bread they bring out ) . finally , while the drink are not cheap , they are creative , tasty and fresh . all in all , i had a great experience , and i think this place would be perfect for a date or a happy hour with the girl from the typing pool .
no picture ! i knew i should have taken my camera ! my aunt and i went there today for mother is day . i think we must have gotten the lunch menu because everything looked pretty cheap ( i have been to the one in columbus ) . my aunt had a chicken dinner ( grilled chicken , green bean and potato with butter ) and i had their shanghai sampler which had a couple of shrimp , a couple of scallop and a nice piece of salmon , all done perfectly . we did not order dessert since my aunt had made my favorite pumpkin pie ! anyway , dinner wa great , and so wa the service , thus the five star !
this is one of the few restaurant i frequent in the waterfront . why would you come to mitchell is if not for the fish/seafood ? you probably would not . but you can swim in the great lake beer on tap here and have some nice oyster while enjoying river view . not many place in pittsburgh offer these type of view while dining ( and that is a pittsburgh mystery to me ) . the restaurant is never to crowded and you will not get packed in like sardine in a tin can . so you can enjoy a fairly romantic dinner with your loved one ( s ) . the food is very good but you may have to shell out a few clam of your own ( $ $ $ ) . if you have deep ocean like pocket put your hook into the sea bass which is always moist and scrumptious at around $ 29.99 . they will cook your food one of several way . i like my fish broiled , their signature is too salty for my liking . bread is mmmgood and hot ( free ) . staff is very accommodating ie you can request to sample a soup and the server are pleased to do so . i recommend you try their soup like the seafood gumbo . a bowl of this creamy delight go a long way ... bonus they toss in those little hexagonal oyster cracker a reminds me of my youth on long island is south shore ( but that is another story ) . salad a bit skimpy and somewhat pricey ( approx . $ 7.95 for basic house salad ) . bottom line is mitchell is at the waterfront is well worth taking the splash for if you really like a nice seafood dinner .
mtchells is one of the best fish place around . i really like their shanghi preparation of my fish . it is just delicious.the establishment is always clean , the staff courteous and the fish , of course , fresh . oddly enough one of my favorite thing about going here besides the fish is the bread they give you . it is always so warm and tasty.the desert are also very tasty . i have gotten two that i really likedthey also have a three course fixed price option last i went that wa a great value . i think it wa $ 20/person for lunch .
an excellent choice for fresh , well prepared seafood located in the waterfront area in homestead . i frequent this area for business travel , and you can not do much better without heading downtown.the seafood is excellent , with a daily menu crammed full of fresh fish special , a raw bar , and a list of chef is specialty . the house salad is sweet and delicious , and the 'shanghai ' seafood preparation is delicious , healthy , and unique . try it with the scallop or a white-fleshed fish.there is a nice selection of regional beer on tap , a decent selection of wine , and creative drink ( think elderflower and pear martini ) . the desert are adequate , though not a highlight . if you are on the waterfront , you will not do better than this . enjoy !
i wa impressed . went here for lunch . the seafood gumbo wa tremendous . i wa not in the mood for more seafood so i had the chicken blt on ciabatta bread . i am not sure what type of creamy sauce they put on the bread , but it wa delicious . will go back again.the food wa reasonably priced for lunch . dinner would obviously be more expensive but i imagine it is worth the $ .
i did not know this is a franchise restaurant until i had looked it up on the internet . this is the only restaurant i wa not familiar with by the waterfront . my mom and me sat on the outdoor patio , the weather wa very nice on a breezy summer day . there wa a great prix fixe special for $ 23 , what a great price for regular portion salad -- -the dressing wa too sweet for me -- -entree and mini dessert.the fish wa fresh . my mom is chilean sea bass shanghi style came with sticky rice and spinach . the sea bass had nice texture and wa reasonably priced . my lobster and shrimp pappardelle had more shrimp than i expected . my desert wa creme brulee , which wa very good . i love a good sugar coated dessert .
a very nice meal in a very nice restaurantpros : very good foodinteresting choice -- not your typical red lobster crapgreat servicevery clean ( restroom , included ) con : n/a
i took my cousin from california here for lunch . we were both eating lite since a ) i wa dieting and b ) my family wa having dinner at my mother is house and she wa slaving over lasagna all day , so if anyone know anything about italian mother is , you better arrive hungry . back to mitchell is , i had the iceberg wedge with bacon , egg , tomato and a delicious home made blue cheese dressing . i also ordered a bowl of seafood gumbo which wa the best gumbo i ever tasted . it wa not overly packed with rice , a a matter of fact , there wa not much rice at all . it wa mostly shredded crab , scallop , and shrimp with a very delicate broth that wa not too thick and the heat snuck up on you after swallowing . it wa not a lot of heat , just enough to make it exciting . a for the iceberg wedge salad , every once in awhile i need a piece of iceberg instead of a bowl of spring mix ( ie : tender weed ) . the star of this salad wa the chef made blue cheese dressing . it wa not overly thick , very tasty and savory . it complimented the bacon and egg on the wedge . the cousin ordered the carrot cake for dessert and it wa easily a pound slice . i tasted a little bite and must say it is the best carrot cake i have ever tasted . the cream cheese frosting wa more buttery than `` cheesy '' , it wa a great surprise when you are expecting the normal cream cheese frosting . there were whole walnut throughout the cake and many raisin , which i love . also this recipe seems to rely on more cinnamon than i have tasted in the past . i highly recommend it . it wa a wonderful lunch and i am sure she had carrot cake to take on the plane ride back to riverside .
this place ha great seafood . the best in the area . i come here for seafood every time . everything on their menu is good . their menu change all the time depending on what wa in season . appetizer are amazing like the raw oyster . their clam chowder is the best . really creamy with lot of clam . wonderful restaurant . you can not go wrong with anything on the menu . we love coming to this restaurant . do not forget a reservation on weekend . you will not get a table and will probably wait an hour or two if you do not have one . we never get to the dessert . always too full to eat dessert . forgot to take picture .
mitchell is fish market is a very nice place to eat ... for a chain restaurant . and actually , if it wa not a chain , it would not be too bad either . the atmosphere wa surprisingly pleasant - the room wa warm and intimate , perfect for a date . it wa not too noisy or too crowded , and we were seated right away on a friday around 7:30 pm.our server wa friendly , and happy to give recommendation . i started with a house salad , which i told the server i would split with my boyfriend . she brought it to u on two separate plate , which i thought wa a nice touch , and more than what i expected . poppy seed dressing wa okay , it is pretty thick and creamy a i remember , but tasty.i ordered from the special menu , since they had a bit of a lobster promotion going on . my entree wa a combo : lobster tail , and `` lobster pot pie . '' now , lobster is a beautiful thing , but i have to say ... .it wa not beautiful here . it wa not awful , but it did not taste a fresh a i like ( i am guessing that is because the meat wa frozen originally ) . it is just a shame . dipping the lobster in butter wa a pleasant experience , but it is supposed to be an ecstatic one.the lobster pot pie wa tote not what i imagined . i pictured a flaky , golden crust , a delicious creamy lobstery gravy , and big hunk of lobster and vegetable . instead ... .i got what sort of resembled a small bread bowl made of a biscuit . there wa a lot of sauce , which wa surprisingly orange in color and very rich , with some lobster chunk and vegetable that appeared to come from a bag of frozen veg ( i will recognize those tiny square-shaped carrot chunk anywhere ) ! whaaaaaaaat ? it wa not bad or anything , but not what i imagined . i wa a little bummed out . so everything we ate wa just fine , and nice when you are craving seafood ... .but i think in future i will rather just head to the strip , get a lobster , and cook the sucker up myself . i did not try their fresh preparation , so i can not say how those were.i will say in the waterfront though , it is probably one of your better option . healthier and fresher than most of the other choice . and the atmosphere is great , including the service .
excellent service , great meal ! they had an excellent selection of seafood , and i can not wait to dine again
delightful ! after biking on the river trail that led u to the waterfront , we zoomed past what looked like a wonderful patio situation at mitchell is , right on the river . we parked our bike and were seated promptly at the patio . the waitress even filled our water bottle for u ! the interior of the restaurant is very nice , sea-themed , and clean . the decor is really tasteful and classy . the outside wa perfect . it wa sunday afternoon and the weather wa gorgeous . looking out to a serene part of the river is fabulous a well . our waiter wa professional , knowledgeable and friendly . we decided just on a few drink and an app . the two drink my bf ordered were amazing . the first , muddled basil , grapefruit juice and vodka ( i forget the name ) . so refreshing ! the basil wa flavorful and tasted awesome with the grapefruit juice . the second he got wa a frothy pineapple-vodka with a huge fresh chunk of pineapple inside . both were winner . i stuck with a fairly priced white wine but got to test his fun drink : ) the app we got wa the hawaiian seared ahi tuna and it wa delicious a well . it wa a pretty decent size to split , and came with sushi rice , a red onion/cucumber relish , ginger and wasabi . i believe the tuna wa also drizzled with ponzu . it wa so good - definitely recommend ! my bf could not help himself so he also ordered a cup of lobster bisque , which i do not eat , but he said it wa very good . he also polished off some of the warm bread loaf that accompanied our meal . this place definitely earns the star and i had no idea it wa even a chain . the waiter said they were expanding , so hopefully the quality and service do not go down . i also checked out the rest of the menu and they use quality ingredient and the price really are not bad ( it wa the lunch menu - i am sure the dinner menu is pricier . ) i felt like i wa on vacation and i will definitely be back !
this wa a great find near pittsburgh alternative to down town scene . ambiance wa great on the deck by the river , and service wa excellent ( thanks melisa for history lessens ! ) . seafood including oyster were fresh and well prepared . price wa reasonable for `` prefix '' menu including scrumptious dessert . what an evening to end a fantastic summer day in pittsburgh .
drink : water for me , yuengling for my fianceappetizers : cup of maine lobster bisque for me -- soo good ! my fiance had the new orleans seafood gumbo which i had a taste of it and it wa good , but i liked my soup better ... very rich and creamy but full of flavor with a fair amount of lobster bit mixed in . the bread they served with the apps wa fresh baked ( i believe sourdough ) and it wa quite tasty along with the whipped butter . our entree came with house salad - had great element , but i felt i could not enjoy mine because the dressing given wa a poppyseed vinagrette and i can not handle too much acidity in my food these day . my fiance however cleaned his salad plate ( not a sentence i utter often ) .entrees : i had one of the special , grilled shrimp and scallop with roasted summer vegetable and tomato vinagrette ( which i asked for on the side ) . the seafood part wa great - the vegetable were so-so . my fiance had the special of cod stuffed with lobster ( and some other seafood ) with asparagus and a lemony sauce - i had a taste of his and it wa really yummy , i will def order that next time ! we both finished our plate , which wa not too challenging b/c the portion were moderate ( i got 3 srhimp and 3 scallop for example ) but still filling.dessert : did not order anyservice : friendly , though a little sparse . after we finished our meal we felt like we were waiting around for awhile before we could ask for our check . but our server wa overall friendly and we did not feel neglected or anything.deals/discounts : noneoverall : we liked the variety and freshness of seafood . def a place we will consider going to again , which is the main mark of a very good experience !
got lunch from here today . what i sampled : maine lobster bisque ( delicious and the whole reason for getting lunch from here ) cheeseburger ( decent version i only ate about half , but i expect the other half will not last long ) overall i enjoy going here , though it is a bit overpriced , but sometimes i am just in the mood for that lobster bisque !
we went here for valentine day after some traffic downtown made u miss our reservation somewhere else . we both loved it . the calamari is outstanding and if you get there before 7 , they run happy hour which is half off apps and $ 3 beer . i had filet and crab cake and it wa delicious . the steak wa cooked perfectly and the crabcake wa a good size . atmosphere wa good and busy but that is likely because of it being valentine day . despite the busyness , the wait staff wa very attentive.my wife is steak came out rare despite asking for medium but they took it back and recooked it to a perfect medium level . we will def be back .
went on a saturday , 2 hour wait . food is good , i got some seafood gumbo to go and i will not do that again . seemed like it did not have any seafood in it .
the service is great and friendly . i got the baked spinach and artichoke dip and it wa superb . i love the fresh , right out of the oven bread too . i got the atlantic salmon , and it wa probably the best fish i have ever tried . listened to other yelpers suggestion of the shang hai preparation , and they were right . just make sure you make a reservation ! best seafood restaurant in da burgh !
service wa slow , but that wa because one of our party insisted that the bartender , her favorite server , serve u in our private room for a party of 8 . the food and drink were good and we woud return .
i am bummed about this- i had high hope . here is a rundown of the evening : pro : - super friendly waitress , stephanie , who maintained her professionalism and friendliness throughout - yummy elderflower and pear beverage- lobster bisque wa nice and lobster-y- hot delicious breadcons : - oyster were sketch . and i do not feel good about that . stephanie brought u an order of east coast oyster to replace the west coast one that we sent back.- fresh grated horseradish had no flavor or heat- what is up with that ? - scallop were meh- came with weird veggie , unevenly seared , and no real flavor . and at a whopping $ 25 a plate , i expect some nummers ! i doubt we will go back- for those price , i would prefer mccormick is or ruth is chris .
good food..yummy
service an atmosphere wa great . i had the shrimp boil and it wa very under-seasoned . much closer to bland than anything .
i am not a mean reviewer , if you look at the other place i have reviewed , but this wa just so so so disappointing . the shanghai style merlin wa very poorly done . the meat wa extremely bland , with very little seasoning . i have a very low sodium tolerance and yet i still found this fish to be made too bland . the rice wa entirely uncooked and it made crunching sound a i took my first bite . i talked to the waitress and she offered to bring out another side . it wa not the same . the whole dish wa a fail and i do not think i am ever coming back again : (
i went here on a recent business trip , and there are not many decent option in west homestead , so i decided to splurge on the company is dollar and ordered take-out . i wa highly disappointed in the service , and i only ordered take out . upon going to the bar to announce that i wa there for take out , there were 3 other people at the bar . the bartender had her back to me and it wa not until a few minute had passed that another guest told her that she should wait on me . after announcing the reason for my visit , she check on my order ( not ready yet ) and help other table . no offer of water , or a drink . another gentleman working the bar asked the bartender if she had offered me a drink , she stated to him my order would be right up . he then asked if she offered me a water , to which she replied , her order is going to be right up . he placed a glass of water in front of me.then i hear my name and order announced by the kitchen staff . 3 staff member yelled . . . `` it is takeout '' so back it went into the kitchen to be packed up.gentelman bartender asks female bartender if she ha rung me up yet ( she had not ) after more time had passed ( how long doe it take to put food into a takeout container ? ) it finally is put down in front of me . she then ring me up . i do not expect take out to be piping hot , but at this point i wondered if it wa even going to be room.when i go to eat my meal , utensil were not included . i now had to go find something to eat my lukewarm food with . very disappointing experience . will not be returning .
will i come here again ? yes absolutely for drink , they knocked the ketel one extra dirty blue cheese olive martini outta the park . the ambiance is very nice . of the 4 type of review i give ( awesome , ok , bad where they get slammed and bad where i hope they improve ) here i am giving the heartfelt `` bad where i hope they improve . '' our waitress wa very friendly and did a good job . i mentioned the gritty redskin of the mashed potato . we went with appetizer she recommended . not good . seared ahi tuna : horrible flavor mixed with the rub , the prep , the tuna wa not cool inside , the chip were not good , there wa no soy sauce but there wa wasabi . not good . with heartfelt advice , compare this against outback is ahi tuna appetizer and it is no contest . the chef should do so . ( he is a nice guy like me i hope . ) bbq shrimp : go try redstone is ( philly ) buffalo shrimp appetizer . it is chilled , very delicious . this appetizer wa recommended and wa garbage . the barbecue sauce wa horrible , overwhelmed and left an unsavory aftertaste in both my and my client ' palate . gordon food service or sysco bbq sauce . a real `` must-miss '' . cod entree wa ok . the skillet bean were too firm , too mature , they need petite green bean . potato skin had grit in the mashed . why 1 star ? the price wa close to capital grille , but far from the cuisine . i hope they spruce it up . the place is nice .
had the blackened fish taco is , the were very good along with a pint of guinness . recommended .
first off i have to note , their maine lobster bisque is amazing . definately do not miss out on it . that being said , we had lunch there and the lunch portion are a good value . i had the cedar plank salmon . the fish wa fantastic , except that the vegetable were a little bland . the atmosphere at the restaurant is quite relaxed , and i do not think i have ever seen it get more than mildly busy in there , so it is a nice place to go to have a quiet meal with someone special .
i went here for dinner a i wanted to have a nice dinner . the tuna wa excellent . i asked for it grilled and it came out perfect . the only issue is that the raspberry tea doe not have free refill but the unsweetened ice tea is free . i wa very pleased with the dessert a the chocolate cake wa very good . the waiter were top notch .
i have always had a great dinner at mitchell is but something ha changed . went there last night about 5:30 , the place wa maybe half full . we were seated and when it finally occurred to u that no one had been to the table at all to ask about drink or even bring water , i started timing ... . 14 minute later we decided to leave . told the hostess what had happened and got a blank stare . sorry but not going back there again .
the service wa mostly friendly but i wa disappointed in my meal . my meal wa way over cooked . the soda wa flat and the carbonation needed changed and i felt like we inconvenienced our server by asking for new one . overall , i thought it wa mediocre and i wa expecting more for the price .
the food wa really good , but the price were pretty high and the portion were on the small side . the dessert were the high point of the meal for me . i got the `` shark fin '' pie and it wa really good . the waitress thought i would not be able to finish it ... but i showed her . take that , waitress .
i have passed by this place a zillion time and never given it a second look . i thought it might be a red lobster knock off . then i asked a friend if they had ever heard of it and they had , and liked it.i wa pleasantly surprised by how nice the ambiance wa inside . very cozy . much more upscale than i had thought it would be . the service wa terrific . lot of thing to choose from on the menu . a bit pricier than i had imagined . most entree were anywhere from $ 17 to $ 30 . but this is pittsburgh and this is seafood.that said , they started u off with really delicious sour dough bread . butter wa soft which i like . our entree came pretty quickly . i had a seafood assortment of blackened talapia , grilled sea scallop and salmon cooked on a plank . the scallop were just done , i like them cooked a little more . everything else wa pretty good.my beloved had the crab cake and really enjoyed them.we will probably be back , but will order something different . we liked it .
food wa excellent . went for the sunday brunch and loved it . i highly recommend the steak and egg with the zucchini pancake , really an outstanding dish . oh , and if you get the carrot cake ... .one is enough for everyone ! it wa huge , and it wa soooo goood ! i do not know how they can make something taste that good and cook it in such large volume . really wa an excellent experience , my only reason for not giving it a five star review wa that there wa too much time in between our course . there wa probably a good 40 minute that passed between our salad and our entree . that is a little long for me when i am at a brunch . usually i do not eat a breakfast if i am going to something like that , so 40 minute wa too long for me .
food wa only ok. had lobster bisque soup not to good . had the shang hai seafood sampler . the scallop were hard , over cooked . the samon wa good . shrimp had no flavor . i will say the service wa the best . our waiter wa great ! !
absolutely delicious . wonderful service .
we had a bigger party and i think that might have flustered the waitress just a bit . they forgot about our water until the food came out , but were super apologetic when they did bring them . the food wa ok . i ordered the crab cake they were a bit heavy on the breading , so i would give them a rating of , `` eh '' . my friend ordered a steak , asked for medium rare , and it came out ... well done . he wa too hungry to complain and just ate it . we might go back again , and this time maybe take a bit more time looking over the menu .
very very good chain family restaurant . i had their yellowfin tuna steak shanghai style and it wa great . service wa excellent and the party of 5 i wa with swore they could eat there every week a the menu wa extremely diverse . it is hard for me to give a chain 5/5 but this is pretty close .
love this place - they were very accommodating to me , peanut and gramma ( she go often ) . solid wine selection and gramma say they make a good margarita . we all enjoyed all of our food a well . great view of the mon too .
beautiful decor . very genuine staff . very clean washroom . delicious food . i tried the market trio . the blackened tilapia wa nice with a little bit of spice . this is a great place for a seafood lover .
amazing valentine dinner and service ! curt wa simply a wonderful server and the food wa fantastic . only negative wa a few overly salted bite . but a someone who is a salt minimalist . that could purely be my palate only .
the tuna wa enjoyable and the service wa prompt . the house chardonnay wa buttery and wa a good compliment to the fish . it wa a tuesday night so the place wa busy but not crowded . since i wa not `` wowed '' by the place i will not give it 5 star but i had no dissatisfaction to speak of . i will be back ( if i am not across the street at the rock bottom brewery ) .
my husband and i went to mitchell is last summer for our wedding anniversary . we both took a half day at work and we arrived in the early afternoon ( after lunch but before the dinner crowd ) . i can not say enough about this place ... we have gone here on a few occasion and i have always been please with everything . pro : nice friendly waitress , who took some time to take our picture ( since it wa our anniversary ) , food wa excellent and not extremely overpriced , restaurant and bathroom were clean ! con : none on this visit or any previous visit
love this place so much . the food is always so delicious always leave feeling extremely satisfied . the service is incredibly slow though , take forever to our meal ! even during lunch time when there is almost no one there.. i do not understand i always end up eating here for at least two-four hour . fish is always fresh , lobster is delicate and tasty , and surprisingly the steak is amazing a well . clam chowder is rich and creamy -- perfect thickness ! love their salad a well . definitely recommend this place for a date night : ) pricey ? definitely , be prepared to spend at least $ 20/person !
first i would like to say that i wa hesitant coming to another fish place recommended by some temporary coworkers since the last place they sent me to made terribly ill. that being said , i came here and wa delighted by my server michael who wa not only friendly but incredibly attentive and very sharp . i originally ordered the mahi mahi but ala , the ran out upon my ordering , in which case the manager promptly came to ask me for another upgraded selection at no additional charge . hence , the tuna . now the tuna wa amazing . seared almost perfectly , with the rare flavor still intact . i would most definitely come back again and if i lived in the area , this would be one of my top spot .
good quality food here . the clam chowder wa excellent and so wa the tuna appetizer and the americana seafood plate loaded with shrimp and scallop in a creamy spinach sauce with small potato . i will go here again if possible .
i love mitchell is fish market . 95 % of the time , the food is amazing but , when they mess up , they move heaven and earth to make it better . the last time we were at mitchell is , i ordered the lobster and tenderloin skewer . my lobster wa underdone . the server wa amazing and replaced the lobster tail even though i had eaten most of it . then , to make our night even better , comped u a dessert . it is that kind of stellar service that keep u going back .
i have eaten some very good dinner here . although it is a chain , i would say it is several notch above the other chain restaurant . the chef here seems to add some creativity to the menu , so i will be definitely back again soon .
the patio view is beautiful , and the food is good , too ! we ordered the grill rainbow trout , shang hai rainbow trout , crispy ginger cod & rainbow trout . everyone is happy about the dish . they have music every thursday , it is a little bit loud , but the band is really good . will come again !
mitchell is is located on the river side of the waterfront and out of the crazy `` let is fight to find a parking spot '' area . they do take reservation , but doubtful you need one on a weekday during lunch . it wa not busy when i wa there on a tuesday at noon.mitchell is ha a cool layout - large full bar in the middle , private large room for large party , smaller area for business lunch , full dining room seating with table and booth , and an excellent outdoor patio where you can watch people ride by on the bike trail . this is a seafood restaurant with lot of good option for fresh in season fish . you can choose from a number of different fish to have prepared for salad , sandwich , or just a they are . i had the chopped salad and added scallop to it . delicious ! the price range is reasonable and you can plan on spending around $ 15 with your lunch and a soda/iced tea . for that price , you really can not complain . i drop almost that much at panera on a half sandwich and cup of soup with an iced tea . i am sure it is much busier for dinner but i find mitchell is to be an excellent place for a business lunch or just meeting friend . i have been here for brunch a well and had an excellent bloody mary and egg benedict with crab .
went for dinner friday evening with friend and sat at the outdoor patio . it is so nice and relaxing there with the river and bike trail . the sourdough bread they serve is always hot and fresh . the chilean sea bass just melt in your mouth , it wa awesome . the cod stuffed with shrimp and lobster wa also very good . i had the carrot cake for dessert , it is big enough for 3 people . it wa so delicious . my friend had the creme brûlée , which she said wa very good . i wa here 3 time this summer and every meal wa excellent .
my family and i go here whenever there is a special occasion and for good reason . the food is fantastic and the service can not be beat , at least not when it is coming from the governor or kennedy . best server in the 'burgh ! ! i took my dad there last weekend for his 70th birthday , did not tell anyone that it wa a special night out , but they treated u with such attention , accommodating our need to a t. kennedy adjusted meal to fit our taste , suggested thing based on what we were looking for , took at least 10 minute with u going over the menu ... i could go on , but needle to say , it wa just a fabulous meal and wa worth every penny . we got the king crab and bacon wrapped shrimp to start , lobster bisque soup , cedar plank salmon , chilean sea bass , and a fish medley made to order . we also always get the 7 layer carrot cake , which to me is the best cake anywhere in town . a must go for anyone looking for an amazing meal and excellent service . but be sure and ask for kennedy , he is a real dude .
have been here a few time . the wait staff is always top notch and food is very good . i had the steak and lobster tail . steak wa a perfect medium rare and the lobster wa also cooked well . oyster a an app . they appeared fresh and tasted how they should . overall like in the past we had a great experience at mitchell which is not something i always expect from a chain .
i went to this restaurant last week with my husband and my family . the restaurant is located on the waterfront area . the variety of fish wa excellent , including the fresh fish of the day . i ordered the atlantic cod and it wa delicious.the waitress ' service wa really good . i definitely recommend this restaurante .
excellent fresh seafood . good vegetable . good service . best place to eat on waterfront .
top point . service . i wa there with a large group for a meeting . they gave u a private room and two server took care of u . they were efficient and very accommodating . kudos . appetizer : had the crab dip and calamari . both were good . server brought extra chip with the dip a they were needed . i am always surprised that more chip are not just added to the original dish at this point . dip wa good . calamari wa done well . preferred the shrimp cocktail sauce with it versus the asian type soy sauce that is served with it . wedge salad with bleu cheese . waaaaaay too much cheese and i like bleu cheese . i had the blackened tuna with mashed potato and seasonal veggie . carrot were carrot stick hardly cooked and dry ! green bean overdone and broccoli had seen better day . simple green bean would have been more appetizing . tuna had blackening spice but needed a better sear on it . wa not over cooked . potato a expected . other dish seen -- fisherman is platter . looked a little greasy , but that is expected from me in a full fried dish . would be nice if this wa offered broiled a well . crab cake and filet looked okay . overall i am always underwhelmed and overcharged here . i guess with chain place you get that , but i want more from a place that charge me 25 buck for sub-seared tuna .
a ok ! really loved the bacon wrapped shrimp ! so amazing with the sauce on the side . this wa probably the the best part of the meal . i also had blacken salmon with a double order of spinach instead of a starch . the spinach wa just steamed without any flavoring ... which is better in the long run , but i wish they had option for sauteed with garlic . the service wa great a well ! we were always taken care of . will definitely bring my bf here in the future .
this wa my first time at this location . i have frequented the upper st clair galleria restaurant . there is a lot to like about this columbus oh based chain . i do not usually eat at chain restaurant nor will i review them because they are typically big food corporate run place that do not care what they feed you they just care about their stockholder . this place seems different to me . the food quality and care seems to be very high . the staff is always well trained . i like the decor and ambiance . the menu offer many option . i do not really like the fish preparation option very much and the portion can be small in some of the dish but overall i am a fan . i do really appreciate being able to buy fresh fish here . i like to buy the trout and prepare it at home . we were here for a thanksgiving meet-up event with 69 other people . the room wa a little small and it ended up being too loud too but the staff really pulled it off overall . it is a tough thing to do . it wa not perfect for sure but the food wa surprisingly good and came out hot and fresh . nicely done .
we went here for thanksgiving dinner ; we had called ahead to check out vegan option , but the person on the other end wa a little grumpy about the matter , but there is so little open on that day , there wa little choice except to make sure i ate a big lunch earlier.i ordered the thai salad , which is probably the only vegan item on the menu - really just a coleslaw with a peanut sauce and some funky chip . i also ordered some grilled vegetable . both were good , but not amazing . the beer selection wa really bad ( i mean , dive bar stuff ) , however the slightly pricey wine selection redeemed the place , and we had a great red and white . the service too wa pretty good , but i simply can not recommend going here due to the poor selection of vegan item .
my husband first time . nice to be able to pick your fish and style of cooking . i had a trio of jamaican jerk tilapia , salmon , and scallop . all good but too much sauce on scallop . husband had surf n turf special . snow crab leg tasty but smaller portion than i expected . glad they had raw oyster , but no idea where they were from . for $ 2.50 each you will think they will say . waitstaff friendly but inexperienced when it came to wine . we taught two of them how to open a champagne bottle . nice time out , but two gripe ... # 1 used my phone flashlight to see if there wa an outlet on the floor . felt like an archaeologist finding old remains of dinner gone by . crumb , napkin wedged between booth and wall , gum , dirt . for the price i would expect a cleaner place . # 2 our waiter kept saying thank you . after every single sentence , even when it wa not appropriate . silly gripe , right ? but it wa way over the top and felt more like , can i have a tip ? can i have a tip ?
in the homestead area of pittsburgh . seafood gumbo wa very good.broiled scallop were very good , partner had sea bass stuffed with lobster , also very good . vegetable side were not a good a the fish . with two glass of wine the total wa $ 83 . in and out in an hour.i will go back because the fish wa that good
good . one of my favorite restaurant in pittsburgh . went yesterday with family and enjoyed oyster ( very fresh ) . i always like appetizer more than their entree
one of our favorite special occasion restaurant . five star for atmosphere . we enjoy the patio and the dining room . the food is superb and the service is also very good . birthday and anniversary dessert on the house but no hassle like singing or incessant question about the reason for your visit . one pointer/ do not go on valentine without a reservation , but the same is true everywhere .
went here for happy hour . initially , service wa prompt , but after the first drink order , we had to track a server down in the kitchen to take the food order . it took so long to get , we just left . will never go back .
so yes i went there , the meal wa good . i would love to say i would go back but i doubt it .
unlike some other reviewer here that came to a fish market looking for vegan food ( and did not like it , who would have guessed ! ! : | ) , i came here to eat fish.. and it wa delicious.. i had atlantic salmon on special , with chili citrus glaze , that turned out awesome.. we also ordered cedar plank trout which did not disappoint either.. overall , a real good first seafood experience for this place.. i will have loved to give them 5 star , but i will hold that till they add some nice local beers..
whoever gave this place 4 or five star must be out of their mind . had dinner here in july and it wa so so . i wa looking for a fish place in town again , and figured , after reading positive review that it had improved . yikes . bad decision . the staff seemed put out that anyone wa here at all , and were seemingly puzzled by the menu . i watched two bartender trying to figure out how to make a strawberry daiquiri for 5 minute , which wa admittedly entertaining . i ordered the chowder and the crab cake . the chowder wa basically flour stew with potato . i am guessing that there may have been a clam or two in there somewhere , but you could not taste it if there wa through the flour . the crab cake were definitely frozen , and not made from blue crab . if you are going to offer chesapeake crab cake , they had damn well better be the real deal . zero flavor and dry a hell . stringy , asian crab that wa definitely pre-made . terrible . i do not like to rip a spot , but this wa a seriously weak restaurant . do not know why i expected western pa to offer up the good , but if chicago can do it well , why not pittsburgh . best analogy- the olive garden of seafood
not impressed at all ! the first time we ordered drink our server forgot our drink and the second time we had to ask if we could have more drinks.i ordered , white frutti di mare for 24.49 and i only got 2 scallop and 3 small shrimp . our bill wa $ 120 . 00way to pricey for 2 scallop and pasta .
very disappointing easter dinner . we had eaten here twice last year and the service wa impeccable , food delicious , piping hot . i did not realize that ruth is chris had sold to landry is , the change is not a good one . we made reservation for five and were seated promptly , drink were brought . a very good crab dip and salad were enjoyed by all . then the main course arrived . first let me say that something occurred because the table seated after u of the same size were served first . finally four of our five meal were brought . the hush puppy and fry were cold , the seafood wa ok , the coleslaw wa warm a if it had all sat under a warming light . the planked salmon wa good but not hot . five minute later the $ 32 easter special came out . one tiny lobster tail with some salty stuffing . no discernible seafood in the stuffing . 4 small very dry over cooked shrimp with a blob of salty stuffing , a large blob of cold dry hard mashed redskin . we were all shocked . our waitress , who wa actually wonderful felt terrible and knew something had gone wrong when she saw the other table served before u and then u short a plate . she spoke to her manager several time and asked him to talk to u . when he finally did he told me he wa sorry and that i should have told him sooner so he could fix it ? ? ? he wa very rude to u . offered u a free dessert . i told him he could not possibly think i wa going to pay for inedible food . he begrudgingly took the price of 2 of the le expensive entree off the bill . i had been looking forward to this holiday meal for week . his poor management skill and rude behavior ruined our holiday . i will never go back . stephen gray , manager of mitchell in homestead , you should be ashamed of how you treated u . landry is need to look into this restaurant if they expect people to keep coming . those price are only acceptable for fantastic food and service .
there really are not too many seafood option here in pittsburgh . i have been here 3 time so far , and each time ha been very good . this last friday i walked in , and i wa able to be seated immediately without a reservation . it wa about 6:30 when we went in , and at about 8pm when we left , it wa pretty packed . the seafood ha always been good and fresh , and this wa the first time in my life that i had swordfish and it wa moist and tasty . they have a signature way of steaming their fish ( if you ask for it this way ) with ginger , sesame seed and soy sauce over spinach and rice . it is excellent . they have a full bar , with a few good draft ( guiness and dogfish 60 ) . definitely pricey among the waterfront restaurant , but to me it is worth it .
it depends on what you order here a this can be a reasonable meal or a splurge . they have some delicious tilapia/trout/salmon entree with veggie and starch in that sweet spot of $ 20 ; however , if you want you could easily go $ 35+ a plate . the spinach salad with chevre and roasted pecan wa awesome . wine wa surprisingly reasonable and they were food allergy friendly.better than red lobster and not nearly a busy a pf chang or bravo ! -- so you might be able to walk in.would give a 3.5 if i could .
the food wa delicious . excellent seafood , and plenty of thing to choose from on the menu . however , the service we experienced wa terrible . we sat at our table for 10-15 minute before anyone even noticed we were there . keep in mind , we were here late afternoon/early evening so the place wa half empty . once we ordered my draft beer took 10 minute to come out , then it wa wrong . i kept it anyways or else i will probably still be sitting there waiting for it . good food , but i will not be in a hurry to go back .
first time in pittsburgh on biz and staying in the waterfront district . nice selection of better than average chain restaurant on the area . spotted mitchell is seafood and since i never heard of ot before , decided to make it my evening dinner choice - in fact , looked forward all day to a nice shellfish dinner ala bonefish grill . they have a nice al fresco patio overlooking the river that i wish i say at . place wa pretty empty at 8 pm on a monday night , but that is to be expected . i ordered the seafood americana which wa supposed to have sautéed shrimp and scallop in a light butter sauce . what i got in return wa a plate of small shrimp in a brown gravy with no scallop whatsoever . i immediately returned the dish and the young and nice manager came over to make it right , so i reordered a different steamed shrimp and scallop dish which wa much better- 5 larger shrimp and 5 sea scallop over spinach and veggie with a soy sauce on the side - very nice but wish they had drained the ingredient better so they did not end up on a soupy broth . having waited table in a high end seafood restaurant through graduate school i am tempted to attributing this experience to monday night , late dinner , inexperienced cook , and lack of kitchen or server oversight . i hope your experience is better than mine . too many other good choice nearby to give them a second chance - sorry . disappointed .
i am posting my review again a it wa not deemed important enough to keep . funny within day i wa contacted by customer service of landry is asking for my contact information . i gave it twice and no one bothered to contact me . stay far away from this place . extremely high priced for below average food.what a disappointing easter dinner . we had eaten here twice last year and the service wa impeccable , food delicious , piping hot . i did not realize that ruth is chris had sold to landry is , the change is not a good one . we made reservation for five and were seated promptly , drink were brought . a very good crab dip and salad were enjoyed by all . then the main course arrived . first let me say that something occurred because the table seated after u of the same size were served first . finally four of our five meal were brought . the hush puppy and fry were cold , the seafood wa ok , the coleslaw wa warm a if it had all sat under a warming light . the planked salmon wa good but not hot . five minute later the $ 32 easter special came out . one tiny lobster tail with some salty stuffing . no discernible seafood in the stuffing . 4 small very dry over cooked shrimp with a blob of salty stuffing , a large blob of cold dry hard mashed redskin . we were all shocked . our waitress , who wa actually wonderful felt terrible and knew something had gone wrong when she saw the other table served before u and then u short a plate . she spoke to her manager several time and asked him to talk to u . when he finally did he told me he wa sorry and that i should have told him sooner so he could fix it ? ? ? he wa very rude to u . offered u a free dessert . i told him he could not possibly think i wa going to pay for inedible food . he begrudgingly took the price of 2 of the le expensive entree off the bill . i had been looking forward to this holiday meal for week . his poor management skill and rude behavior ruined our holiday . i will never go back . manager of mitchell in homestead , you should be ashamed of how you treated u . landry is need to look into this restaurant if they expect people to keep coming . those price are only acceptable for fantastic food and service .
i have mixed feeling about this place . i have eaten there twice . i have enjoyed the flavor of their shanghai option both time . the seafood ha been cooked well . the sharkfin pie is tasty for dessert . however , both time , i had shrimp a part of my entree . mitchell is a perfect two for two at forgetting to de-vein the shrimp . first time i ate there two of my shrimp were not de-veined . second time there wa one ( i only had two ) . if you order shrimp take a good look at it . the management ha been very apologetic and helpful both time . they truly cared .
traveling with my bos , we had dinner here since it wa convenient to the hotel . food wa good a usual but we ended up with a young man who had not been a waiter for very long . brought u a bottle of cabernet when we ordered a bottle of chardonnay . told u he had never opened a bottle of wine before . expected better service at a place like mitchell is .
i really like this place ... .nice ambiance . the food is well seasoned and the seafood is fresh . the wait staff is particularly good .
i took my daughter here for lunch . she had been wanting to come for a good while . she is graduating high school next week so it seemed like the perfect time . she had the clam chowder and the shrimp scampi . it wa great . she wished that the chowder wa slightly thinner but enjoyed the alfredo-like flavor . i wa not in the mood for seafood so i had the bacon cheeseburger . you can not go wrong with a burger right ? well , let me tell you , that wa one of the best burger that i have had and i frequent restaurant who specialize in them . it had a beautiful char flavor to it . i did not need any condiment . the broccoli i had wa wonderful a well and i especially enjoyed the seasoning.the only thing that slightly sullied it for me is that it wa too dark . i love atmosphere but i wa almost asleep before the food came out .
very disappointing . i have been a patron of this restaurant/location since it opened ... ..usually dining there about once a month . my last few visit were fine , not great , but fine . today wa not . the restaurant wa about half full , i wa with one other person . food -- - my friend had a ceasar salad : the staff did not know where the anchovy were , therefore none . it wa served at room temperature . chef is special wa penne in a light alfredo sauce with crab and shrimp . it also wa served at room temperature . i had the scallop with stir fried vegetable . the scallop , too , were at room temperature and only seared on one side , some not at all . the manager offered to redo the meal , which we accepted . she shrugged her shoulder and said she did not know what else she could do . the scallop were better the 2nd time , penne wa watery , crab wa all but invisible . the garnish had cheese on it the first time , not the 2nd . penne wa mediocre at best . service -- - probably the worst service i have ever had there . our server seemed overwhelmed , apologized continually to u and every other table she had nearby . maybe that wa part of the reason our meal were not hot the first time . never did get a refill on iced tea . ambiance -- - the place is starting to look tired . the table are showing their age ... . the surface ha not been kept up , the finish ha long since worn off in the most used parts.sorry to see this place go down hill . have many memory of better time . may not ever go back . looking for a new place in the area .
will not eat here again.1 ) waitress ( angela ) could not be found for 10+ minute at a time . the entire meal wa a running commentary on where she wa and why we did not even get water refill until dinner came . she had to be specifically asked three time for water before we got our one and only refill.2 ) spilled mussel butter on my jacket and although she did apologize no manager ever came over to see if we were okay . when i did complain they offered a $ 25 gift card which did not even cover the cost of said jacket , thanks but no thanks.3 ) when asked specifically if a dessert wa served warm the waitress said `` yes , of course '' but spoiler alert it wa not . party involved said it wa fine and asked me not to say something.4 ) when asked if they had a very specific after dessert drink the waitress replied in the affirmative only to substitute irish coffee instead . if you are out of something just own up to it , do not try to pull one over on someone.long story short - decent if overpriced food , nonexistent management and the worst service i have experienced in a long while . a a server myself i am pretty forgiving but the ( non ) service ruined a $ 150 meal and mitchell is management could not care le .
i am never disappointed when visiting this restaurant ! ! the food and the quality service is second to none ! !
after a long but beautiful day touring pittsburgh and riding the duquesne incline we settled down for a late dinner at mitchell is fish market.we were seated in a picture perfect spot by the window a requested . our waiter initially greeted u warmly but the service went south quickly and i trying to wrap my head around - why ? what wa wrong with the service you wondered . well ... ..*we had to wait a long time for our drink *appetizers ordered but not received . * requested bread several time waiter wa oblivious to the request * dinner took for ever it felt like a century later it wa good thing we wa on vacation so we had time to waste . we observed the other waiter and waitress wa busy attending to their patron . on the plus side the food wa divinely delicious ! salmon , scallops- super fresh and melted in my mouth . my husband is dish ordered the shrimp and crab cake and he hummed yum to every bite he ate . unfortunately service and excellent service should go hand and hand . if only the head manager who wa consistently walking around to various table talking to patron would have stop at our table we could have given him the scoop about our lack of service . on well .
the food here is good , but also pretty pricey . you might get more mileage and value spending the same somewhere else . however , this would be nice for a business lunch . the decor and atmosphere is classy , and there is something for everyone on the menu -- albeit it is all very seafood focused , of course.i have found the wait staff to be professional and personable.this location ha outdoor seating that overlook the river .
mitchell is ... what have you done ? ! i have been to this location several time and always loved it ( just never got around to writing a review ) . the patio area is great when the weather is nice and i have historically loved the fish preparation . this last trip , though , wa a pretty steep slide downhill . first , i went to the bar and ordered a glass of the house pinot grigio ... a generous poor from a bottle that wa definitely a couple day past it prime . you should know better . then onto the table . i am pretty sure the hostess double sat the server who wa supposed to take care of me , because she expressed her frustration right in the middle of the patio area . i waiting a few minute and then someone else ended up taking care of me . the service wa fine , but i wa a little put off by the start . what really got me though wa the menu . mitchell is used to have a great menu and i have always been thrilled with my selection . i do not know what changed , but it wa something . i ordered the crispy ginger salmon with stir fried vegetable . the portion wa ample , but the fish wa sort of mushy and the crispy ginger topping wa not crispy at all . the veges were half overcooked and half undercooked . if i did not include this last visit , i will have given it 4.5 star . this last visit brought it down . here is hoping that whatever changed , change back .
what ha happened to this place ? it use to be the best around ; now within the last few month it ha gone completely down hill . the quality is completely gone , portion are smaller , price higher . from what i read it is a company change , but how could this make a place go from wonderful to horrible so quickly ? the server even tried pushing a diner club program on u ! ! ! who would pay for a dining program to this place ! ? ! ? that is right , i said pay ! the company want you to pay for a membership ! why should a loyal customer pay to be rewarded for being loyal ? ? ? why would anyone even pay for such lousy food ? the place is not even kept up anymore . the atmosphere ha become dingy and even the dish my $ 30 + meal came out on felt grimy ! ! ! my silver wa even wrapped in torn linen ! where is the management ? how can they allow such expensive meal to go out on dirty dish ? where ha my wonderful night out gone ? i use to look forward all week to when having a night out here . now i do not even want to drive past ! even the staff is miserable anymore . everyone use to be so pleasant and welcoming , and now they seem run down and well , miserable . i have come back now 3 time hoping my experience were fluke , unfortunately this place is just not what it use to be ! i am sad knowing my favorite restaurant is now gone ! do yourself a favor and do not waste your hard earned money here . you will be nickeled and dimed for everything only to receive nasty frozen sea food on dirty dish with ratty linen , from miserable worker .
last night wa my first visit to mitchell is and i wa really looking forward to some great seafood . i am sorry to say i did not get it . i ordered the crab stuffed shrimp and wa disappointed . there were five very small shrimp on the plate . the shrimp were dry and overcooked . the crab stuffing wa mostly stuffing . all i tasted wa breading . i did not see a piece of lump crab anywhere . the best part of the meal wa the bread and butter . i wa with a party of 12 people and i wa surprised to see such small portion on the others plate . for the price at this place , i had hoped for so much more . i will not go back .
i have tried time and time again , to get myself to like this place and every time it is more disappointing than the last time . i had a take out order today , and when i called to place the order , i could tell that instantaneously , the bartender taking my order wa not going to be a pleasure . well that wa an understatement . when i arrived to pick up my order , there wa class a attitude from the minute i walked in with the bartender . then i had a total of 5 bag and 2 fountain drink ( which she said she had absolutely nothing to put them in for me ) , and i asked her if she could help me carry the bag to my car . her reply `` no . i have table i need to take care of . '' i do not expect over-the-top service at this restaurant , but i do expect a smile , a nice and pleasant attitude , along with a little helpfulness . if you are not having a good day , do not take it out on customer .
they we are so accommodating for my daughter that doe not like seafood . the food and service wa very good .
i love eating in the beautiful river setting ( though it is right by where the bloody homestead steel strike took place in 1892 ) . i would have given this place a higher rating based on past visit . but my most recent experience wa not quite a good . the waitress spoke too fast , and gave me misinformation about what side came with the plank of fish . she did offer to fix the mistake , but i let it go and traded side with another person who wa with me . i think broiled is better than the plank . i still will eat at mitchell is at least once each time i visit pittsburgh . the food is healthy , and i enjoy being there .
i want to like this place more than i do . it definitely at least decent . it is a family style seafood restaurant that ha a bit of class to it . pretty nice visually , and service is good a well , especially at the front desk . i have taken a couple of people there for birthday and they do a nice job with that without being obnoxious with the ceremony . if you make a birthday reservation you can actually get `` happy birthday bob ! '' or whatever printed on your menu for the evening . nice touch . food is just solid , that is why i do not give them more star . i have had a few thing here and there is nothing special about their flavor , although their presentation are nice . i have been a couple of time and have not had anything i will be excited about . basically a safe , family style , classier mid-scale seafood choice .
after doing some chore at the waterfront , we were hungry and decided to try mitchell is for dinner . we were seated at a comfortable red booth . the clam chowder wa perfect ; definitely get it . the mussel were delicious -- not a firm a mussel usually are ( but in a good way ) and bigger than normal . the spicy crispy shrimp surprised me ; i did not think it would be good , but it wa . boyfriend said his lobster bisque wa `` funky '' and i agreed that it tasted weird , but it wa still edible . the calamari , however , wa unseasoned . maybe they forgot to season it that night ? i feel like the way it wa served to u is not the way they usually serve it . also , i wa disappointed with the small portion of the calamari . for $ 12 , we should be getting way more than we did . our server wa attentive and noticed that we liked a lot of their appetizer , so she informed u about their happy hour ( monday through friday 4:30-6:30pm ) where their appetizer are at most $ 7 each ! tempting , especially after our pleasant dinner experience.taste | 4atmosphere | 4presentation | 3.5service | 4overall | 4
this is a really hard review for me to write , simply because i can not for the life of me find the word to explain the food . lackluster , no , not really ... mediocre ... no ... .pedestrian/average/common ... huh uh . just 'eh . ' it wa not awful , terrible or even bad , and it wa not great , good or even fine . it wa just ... .edible , i guess . we started with shrimp dumpling from the happy hour menu and the bf got seafood gumbo . i thought the gumbo wa decent ; he said 'eh ' , however we both agreed the dumpling were 'eh ' . i got something called the market trio , which came with creole style rice , corn , a crab cake , a hunk of salmon and 5 shrimp . it wa not terrible , inedible food , it wa just ... .not good . and for $ 28 i wish i would have just gotten a bowl of the gumbo . the only thing that seemed to have any flavor wa the rice . the bf got a crab and lobster stuffed cod , which again , wa not bad just not good . it had a lemony-buttery sauce , that did not taste quite lemony or buttery somehow . i know this is a stupid thing to gripe about , but i hatehatehate when restaurant charge necessarily high price for pop . soda , cola , pop , call it what you want , but it should never be more than $ 2.50 . i usually just drink water with lemon , but i had a headache , so i ordered a coke . $ 325 ! ! and having a bf who work for a restaurant , i know that pop cost them penny ! i see $ 2-2.50 ; some people drink glass after glass of the stuff , but $ 3.25 is simply ridiculous . especially when the food kinda suck . and i read other review and the decor is not classy . it is like it is trying to be classy , but real classy restaurant know it ' not classy . it wa a little like an over-priced , under-flavored red lobster without the kickass cheese biscuit . but when your food suck at red lobster , you can always fill up on the delicious biscuit .
so i have never been here before , i came with a friend and her aunt . the place is decorated really well , a little dim though . even the bathroom is really really dim . like i get the atmosphere you are trying to go for but i want to be able to see.i got the seafood stew and it wa so good . the scallop were perfectly cooked and the flavor of the broth wa fantastic . my shrimp were over cooked though , thus the four star review . they got everything right but that one thing kinda tainted it.i had the banana bread pudding for dessert and that wa also very good . i have had a lot of bread pudding and this wa one of the best . it wa light but also dense and the flavor of the banana came through very clearly.overall i had a very good experience ! it would have been very great if it were not for the over cooked shrimp . i will definitely go back , but it is pretty pricey .
this place is fantastic ! if you are a frequent traveler and looking for freshly made food this is the place ! ! it is a quick walk from the hotel next door . highly recommend !
mitchell is a great place to get fresh seafood v some of those national chain place . i have been there 6 time and never had a bad meal . it is a little more expensive but worth it . chillean sea bass wa $ 35 which is in line with other place that have it . talapia is about $ 27 . the atmosphere reminds me of some of the seafood place at the ocean .
ate here last night ... fantastic food & service ! ! from apps to dinner to dessert everything wa top notch ! the only place comparable wa an old seaside joint i used to frequent down near delaware ... that say something ! ! the crab/spinach dip wa different than mine but still very good ... i had the mitchell is market side trio and cleaned the plate ... she had some asian inspired girlie thing and it too wa very good ! ! we shared some dessert thing with banana bread pudding , a brownie creation & an ice cream thing ... fabulous ! ! it is good we shopped 1st otherwise i would have been miserable waddling around after this great food ! !
i wa there yesterday and ate in one of the booth at the bar . i have been there many time but last night wa very disappointing the server wa bad . i have been a sever for 34 year and still do so for me to complain since i am in the business must mean something . granted i understand your busy but so unfriendly and unattrntive . we never got bread and when asked he threw it in table and kept walking never once stopped for one second even check on u or even introduce himself . when i would go to ask a question or for something he wa gone before i even got to finish . it wa very upsetting to go out with my 82 year old mother and be treated so poorly . last time i will ever sit in bad booth if that is the way the service is there .
quality food is low my shrimp and scallop were bland and overcoat it came out about 10 minute after the first dinner wa served i think it wa just left under the heat lamp . my wife is dish came out completely wrong manager did not charge u for those two meal but it still seem very expensive .
we had reservation for a group of 6 , everything went along a it should have , we were seated quickly and had service quickly . staff wa friendly , and somwwhat attentive . we all ordered drink , the 1st round came quickly the 2nd took quite awhile and that wa enough for me to stop buying $ 10 a glass drink . with everyone odering dinner we had quite an assortment . we all concluded that though the food wa good , they were served luke warm at best . portion we also very small . bottom line is that it wa not bad for an average restaurant but for what you are going to pay it is not worth it at all . i wa so disappointed . we will never be back . the 3rd star is only for how tasty the smashed potato where , and that wa the best highlight .
since mitchell is went corporate , it ha gone downhill from the quality and service customer used to receive . this place ha been hit or miss the last few time . this time it started off a a miss but finished with a homerun.we had dinner reservation for 3 at 6:45pm . upon entering the restaurant wa extremely busy , with a good bit of people in the waiting area . we arrived at 6:25 and immediately checked in . 6:30 came , same amount of people still in waiting area . 6:45 , the 6:30 reservation were still waiting to be seated . we spoke to hostess at 6:55 and promised u we were 2nd in line . 3 table were seated before u . the hostess looked flustered , confused , and not interested in helping to rectify situation . at 7:05 we were finally sat.our server wa excellent . came by often to refill water and take new drink order . helped u with our menu question and gave suggestion . our appetizer came out quickly with enough of a gap between our entree which is always a plus ! i got the shanghai chilean seabass . cooked perfectly ! ! the initial experience wa setting the stage for an irritating evening but once we were sat the service from our waitress and quality of food quickly made up for the early mishap .
this place in good . i have bee here a few time and i have enjoyed each visit . the location is easy to get to , the decor is nice and clean . the food is excellent and the service is very good . i would say it is slightly expensive in most people is opinion though . i would absolutely recommend this place and plan to come back myself sometime .
mitchell is is one of those restaurant that i never find to be disappointing but never have a pressing need to come back . meal are hit or miss , albeit reasonably priced . waitstaff is typically pretty good . but they just do not have the wow factor.it is seafood that is better than red lobster , but it doe not have much character . like most seafood establishment in pittsburgh , they do have a good happy hour but i am never in the area that time of day.the cod with lobster oscar topping is a prime example . the bernaise sauce is not very good , and neither is the potato hash , but he fish itself is cooked well . decent appetizer and a good wedge salad , so at a future visit i might stick to finger food .
i gave two star only because we did not actually eat any of the food . this is simply a customer service review . i will like to give them the benefit of the doubt , the food is probably excellent . sadly , the hostess wa so incredibly rude and uninviting , the mood wa ruined before we even met the server . upon our arrival ( party of 2 ) , i asked to see a menu . 20 minute later we had still not been acknowledged . 4 other group came came and we are seated a we stood there , looking toward the hostess expectantly . after quite some time the hostess stared at me , i suppose waiting for me to greet myself . no 'hello ' no 'may i help you ? ' finally a curt 'have you been helped ? ' to which we responded 'no ' . the hostess brusquely grabbed two menu , did not ask whether we were expecting more people , did not ask whether we wanted a booth or a table ( every other patron wa offered their preference ) and stated follow me . she literally threw our menu down on a booth passing by , did not stop to await u take our seat , did not introduce or even mention our server or anything . simply threw our menu down on the table and left , not a word spoken . we did not remain there long enough to meet our server , which is unfortunate because i wa really hoping to have a nice meal there . i will not return .
we went to mitchell is last weekend to celebrate my bff is birthday . she ha been to mitchell several time and speaks highly about it . i have been there before but is ha been several year and really did not recall much . but like my friend i love seafood so there wa no objection there.the menu is not too big , which is good , and they allow you to choose side v giving you what they deem you should have with your meal . our waitress wa very nice . we arrived a little after my friend , but waited about 15 minute for her other friend and date to show . once settled in we all placed our orders.i decided on a yellowfin tuna , prepared medium rare , and for the side i requested a double order of asparagus . we did not wait too long for our 6 meal to arrive . however , 3 out of 6 of those contained mistake . my bff asked for coleslaw . not there . easy fix they brought it out . my husband wanted fry , he got potato . ok so now he get both for same price , so i guess another easy fix . and then there wa me . they just straight up brought me someone else is food . the waitress quickly grabbed it up after i said to the guy this is not what i ordered . there wa rice on the plate , and i do not know what fish since it only sat in front of me for a few second before being snatched away . i only waited a few minute and she brought me my correct meal.the yellowfin looked amazing . nice thick portion , and once i cut into it , it wa beautifully cooked and seasoned well . however , my `` double '' order of asparagus wa five spear . before the waitress left after bringing the correct order i said something to her about it . that to which she said , `` that is a double '' . hmmm . so a single order is 2 and 1/2 piece of asparagus right ? that is bunk . my fellow diner felt sorry for me and offered up some of their veggie , very sweet of them . weird thing wa , my friend is other friend date ordered asparagus a one of his side and got 4 piece . so wa it just me or maybe they need some help executing in the kitchen and in service . not to mention the meal wa $ 32.00 , and i just bought a bundle of asparagus for 1.88 at the giant eagle ! so other than the mix-up and the asparagus situation of 2016 , i really enjoyed my meal and time at mitchell . the fish wa a noted very tasty , but the price is reflective of a special occasion dinner option .
i wa here to celebrate valentine is day . yes , some of their dish are a little bit pricier , but it is great for special occasion and well worth it in that regard . the fish wa super fresh ( do not worry , they have steak option ! ) . i also had to try the lobster mac & cheese -- no complaint from me ! great restaurant for seafood and special occasion
mitchell is wa surprisingly good . everything i tasted wa good or better , and there were plenty of option . everything i drank wa good or better , and there are option for everyone . the atmosphere wa great ( especially sitting outside on one of the rare nice day ) , which definitely enhanced the experience ( though do not count on that part being reliable in pittsburgh ... ) . my ding against the place are mostly minor ( e.g. , tiny hiccup in service ) , but for one : it is a bit pricey for the category in which i will place it , though it is still a great option in that category .
we were really looking forward to the acclaimed restaurant scene in our hometown of pittsburgh , after having retired to arizona 6 year ago . we had remembered mitchell is fish market a excellent for seafood , a well a ( surprisingly ) steak . wow , were we disappointed ! ! ! ! ! the near-empty parking lot at 8:00 pm on a friday wa the first clue . the misunderstanding about the reservation and being treated accusingly by the front greeter who were arguing with each other wa the second clue . the lack of availability of the first 3 choice we made from the menu wa the third clue . the shoe really dropped when the food came . both my blackened cod , the steamed vegetable with it and the side of asparagus in hollandaise were all cold , dry and hard . the cod portion wa tiny . my partner is fillet of beef ordered `` medium rare to medium well with some pink '' wa black on the outside , dry , cold and very well done . others in our party of six had similar experience with just plain tough batter-dipped and greasy fried fish for one and cold , dry , small portion of `` fresh '' fish for another . we were told that this place had changed management in the past 5 year . in light of it poor quality of food at upscale price , mitchell is fish market deserves to fail and close .
great food the staff is super nice ... nice to meet up for a quick dinner/meetings with coworkers .. great for happy hour nice mature laid-back crowd ... and date night is a must here ... so check this place out my yelpers
awful , gave it 2 star cause the wait staff wa nice . wa there on a saturday night . it wa warm in there ( too uncomfortable to enjoy a meal ) and wa told by management that air conditioning unit wa broken . can not you afford to pay extra on a weekend to have someone repair or replace the unit ? not even a ceiling fan in sight . same old menu with few option . ordered the tuna medium and came out rare . they redid it but this time wa way overcooked . ate it anyway . are the chef so inexperienced that they can not tell when something is rare , medium , or well done ? anyway , have not been there in year until now and i remember why i avoided this place .
we enjoyed this place on our first visit . today we made the mistake showing up on a late sunday afternoon . nobody at all in the front . a few uninterested waiter wandering in back . we finally sat at the bar only to have the bartender disappear for 15 minute . we finally just walked out to go elsewhere . bottom line : if you are not read for customer then just close the place until dinner service begin .
i love old navy clothing , it is vintage styling with good price . great jean too , i love the painter is jean .
i had not been shopping at old navy for at least a year or two . recently , a friend of mine told me that she loved their new fall/holiday collection , so i popped by based on her recommendation . i absolutely love their winter outerwear ! they have a lot of beautiful coat this year for amazing price , and i just had to pick up two ( only $ 70 for both with their current sale ) .outside of their current product , i wa impressed by the size of the store , which seems a bit larger than average . though it is a lot of square footage to cover , i wa not impressed by their sale floor customer service . yes , it is old navy , but i shopped in this store three time over the past week and did not have anyone come up to me while wandering around the outerwear . however , the woman that assisted me in the fitting room had a great attitude , and i really enjoyed interacting with her.overall , a four star old navy experience ... if they could work on their customer service skill on the sale floor , i will give them a five !
very bad purchase experience . i bought a shirt with a hole covered in the rolled up sleeve , but they denied my request to return it . i am so angery at this and will never shop their chothes anymore .
after further consideration , this store doe not deserve a 4 star review . the old navy product ha been pretty weak recently , which is not the store is fault , but the severe lack of customer service doe not help the situation . while shopping here on friday , i wa one of maybe 3-5 people in the store . i would practically walk into a sale associate but not even receive a glance or smile . no one working here seems to give an iota whether or not product is being sold . to avoid inconveniencing the associate , i will be taking my old navy purchase online in the future .
it is just like old navy anywhere - well maybe not the one in san francisco , which is always packed - it w pre thanksgiving , so quiet before the storm on black friday . i picked up my one and only bargain of the weekend - a $ 2.45 pair of flip flop ( it wa preparing to snow outside ) .
this store is laid out better than any other old navy i have been to before . it wa so easy to quickly find everything we were looking for . the staff wa also very friendly.if only all old navy store were like this one ...
i have visited this old navy location four or five time over the past year and have never had an issue . in fact , a friend and i visited the store around christmastime and the staff were extremely friendly and helpful . however , this wa the not my experience yesterday . i drug my husband along , so i could look for new jean and maybe find some sweater / winter clothes on sale . there were sign up exclusively for old navy credit card user , which i am not . however , the 'sale ' of buy two , get one free on thermal ended on january 7th ( two day prior ) . then , there wa regular sign that simply stated 'buy two , get one free ' . i wa confused a to whether this applied to everyone , or just o. n. card user . so , i find an employee ( the only one on the floor ... ) and she say that the sale applies to everyone , that the one for credit card holder is 'old ' . well , take it down , right ? ! at checkout , there are cashier , both waiting on one customer , no one else in line . the male cashier doe not have his light on , so i opt for the other lane . there is a cashier , a woman , and what appears to be a manager , a younger woman . there is some issue regarding the patron is purchase . from what i can figure she opened up an o. n. card and wa supposed to get a discount , but it did not come off her total . my husband and i stood in line for several minute . no one even looked at u ... not even to say 'sorry , be right with you ' ... something . no acknowledgement whatsoever . me , already being cursed with an impatient personality , gather my item and move to the other register after about five minute . i ask the male cashier if he can ring me up . he say that he can , when he is done with the current customer . ( duh ... ) i say , 'great , thanks , i wa not sure since you are light is not on . ' to which he just shrug . ummm ... .needless to say , not the best of experience this time . just hoping that maybe some college kid called off or something and that they were understaffed . will return , but not for the customer service ... .
old navy is one of my favorite store at the waterfront . sale occur frequently and i am a big fan of their active wear . price are very reasonable . staff is helpful .
i am not too impressed with this particular dick is sporting good . it is in a great location in the waterfront , but the selection seems a bit limited to me . they have what you need , but they do not have many option it seems.i went in there the other day and it look like they also have a snowboarding section now , which they definitely did not have last season . they also have hunting , golfing and biking , in addition to the other regular deptartments . your normal dick is . nothing spectacular , but it will do .
i do not see to many option in pittsburgh for sporting good . dick is seems to be the big chain for sporting paraphernalia in this neck of the wood . their selection is poor especially in the snowboarding and biking section . maybe it is good for small child who want their first snowboard ? it is a very average store with average product . i would like to see some attempt to carry more high end product . i am not into fishing or hunting live prey so i am not sure about these department ? i guess if you want some under armor product then this is the place to go because i see aisle upon endless aisle of these type of product .
monopoly complete ... i finally understand why ( and how ) dick is sporting good can charge the price they do -- there is no competition . come on people , i need these warming item to keep from turning into a sal-cicle and i am paying a lot of money to accomplish this . the only saving grace is that the people are nice and the selection is there . can we get some lower price ?
i enter every sporting good store a a soccer player , runner , and sport fan , so my review will always be skewed towards those particular area . with that said , this is probably the worst dick is location that i have ever been to . the selection is very limited for soccer gear , which must be a testament to the lack of the local customer base seeking out soccer gear . it is mostly low-end youth gear , too , which make it nearly useless to adult or even some teenage soccer players.the staff at this location ha always been really nice , though , and it is the closest location to where we live , so i still end up going there quite a bit for running and clothing need ( of course , we usually leave empty-handed a they do not have what we are looking for ) . they do have quite an extensive fan gear section if you are looking to support the local pittsburgh team , but this store just doe not have the overall inventory necessary to be considered a `` good '' dick is location .
this is an older dick is sporting good location . come here for the basic but do not expect to find the huge assortment that you would find at other dsgs throughout the city . i wandered around here for 15 minute or so one evening and did not have anyone approach me , asking if i needed assistance . i also found a small child in the back of the store playing dangerously on one of the elliptical machine , which is something that both his parent and the store is staff should have addressed . overall , i will go here if i need sporting good basic but would rather drive a little further to a nicer location .
i have frequented this store for year . steelers and pirate jersey . under armor and workout clothes . price can be a little high but quality is very good . have also purchased running paraphernalia , weight etc . they also have a varied assortment of camping equipment , hunter is gear and camo . convenient waterfront location .
what kind of shitty store advertises winter gear , make you drive all the way out there to not have any winter pant available the first week of february ? these a hole . glad they have plenty of short to buy when it 17 degree outside .
i wa unimpressed with this location ... not to mention dick is sporting good in general . needle to say , i would not have been here if it wa not for my husband is need for some new hunting gear . i decided to take a look around at the woman is `` sale rack '' ... however , i felt that the price were still pretty high . example : $ 45 for a penguin hoodie is not a sale . in dick is defense , i am super cheap . i found a table full of running shoe ( note : i do not run ) and one pair in particular that were very cute but were still pricey . so i wa pretty bummed because i would have bought them if they were , say , thirty buck cheaper . not to run , of course , but still nice for riding the elliptical , walking at the park , going to yoga class , or - hey - running ... .errands.anyhow , i headed back to find the h in the fishing / hunting area . we looked around for about 5 minute and the guy behind the counter never asked if we needed help . also , there were a few employee running about , and none of them ever said hello or asked if we needed assistance . not surprisingly , we left without purchasing anything .
it is now a shop and save .
this store ha changed hand many time over the past few year and it show . fifteen year ago if you did not get there by 9am you would have fight a crowd . now it never seems all that busy . many of the store is best and dedicated employee left or were let go ( about five year ago ) and product line change with each new owner . the most recent owner seems to be improving the store and employee turnover ha seemed to slow .
staff in the deli is hit or miss , you either get the girl who is nice and friendly or the one that hack and cough and roll their eye at you when you order more than one item . the cashier talk to one another and do not really pay attention to you and sometimes you have to watch them a they will ring up an item twice , have had that happen many time . some sale price are pretty good - deli price are a bit high - ready made food price a bit high for the quality you get . convenient bank hour though til 7 pm . also very good at keeping their sale item well stocked .
for any local , i am from the san francisco bay area , so my view reflect my expectation there . i wa not entirely sure what to expect on my first visit to `` gian ' iggle '' , but there were not too many surprise . it is pretty similar to safeway or lucky is . that is , a huge amount of processed food , and a passable produce section . the produce wa similar to what you will see in california this time of year , maybe a touch more limited . also , it wa holiday season , so all the junk that is associated with that too . the obvious difference were no alcohol section at all - you can wander down the strip mall to the `` beer '' store and buy mostly only in 24 pack . apparently some of the giant eagle sell six pack , but not this one . also for people from out of state , check out the pierogi section , and the chipped ham , and other pittsburgh oddity . for a vegan , this is easy enough - lot of produce , and all the thing you will find in any other large chain .
i wa at my friend house who life in the area . we stopped here for a few thing . it wa a well kept giant eagle which seemed bright & clean in my opinion , compared to city option ( north side , south side . ) the produce had great selection and i did not see them out of thing we needed . we did self checkout so can not comment on the employee .
the store overall is the same to most other basic giant eagle . fine enough selection fair price and they carry schneiders tea . i gave this two star because time and again i go here after work to grab something quick to make at home . i had the unpleasant experience of having janice a the worker at the deli counter . not only did she not look like she did not want to be there but the only word that came out of her mouth wa . anything else ? no hi , no thank you , no have a nice day . i even initiated the conversation and closed it by saying most of those . im a big customer service person and it honestly disgust me that someone who is older than myself can treat customer so badly . there wa a another girl in the deli who wa nice a can be and the cashier wa very nice . i have come here often but this wa my last time , i will be giving my business to another giant eagle or aldis closer to home . the multiple rude employee experience i have had here far outweighs the good one .
a group of u traveld here to go kenneywood park across the road but we decided not to after what we drove throuhg to get there so we atleast decided to get somthing to eat and man where we happey to get out alive . we where the only normal people in this place . the kid next to u who where only 14 where bragging and saying that they went to jail 2 time in their life . you had people selling their food outsdie the resturant . after seeing that we quickly left and hid in our car with the door locked . while we where in there my friend got hit on by 2 girl and they gave him there number while the other young guy across the table yeld dont do it dont do it . must i say more ? bottom line is dont go if you are normal and get the hell out of that area cause if you call a shank a happey meal toy then that is the resturant for you .
you know it is bad when a mcdonald is get a 1 star review ... i mean , seriously : none of u expect anything fancy when we go to a mcdonald is . the whole point of going to mcdonald is is indulging in some not-good-for-you food on the go in your busy life . in my case , i just wanted a small meal/snack that would not cost me a much a the stuff in kennywood would . i had not even eaten at a mcdonald is in about eight year or so . and i quickly remembered why ! forget the fact that mcdonald is food is not great . we all know it is not great . the problem here is that they added insult to injury by giving you the worst customer service ever in addition to not so good food . for starter , i quickly discovered that the drive-thru here is the absolute slowest line on planet earth . you certainly will not be getting any fast food here ! then , once i finally placed my order , and finally got to the window to pay ( because of course i spent a lot of time waiting for the people in front of me to even get their order ) , a young woman took my card , swiped it ... and did not say another word . i waited thinking she wa printing a receipt - nope ! eventually - after whipping out her phone and sending a text or two - she realized i wa still there and told me to go to the next window for my food . whatever , i figured , forget the receipt ; by then i wa pretty sure she had moved on to other order and could not print my receipt anyway . on to the next window , where i wa given my food and drink ... and i proceeded to quickly discover they gave me no straw and for some reason , layered my big mac a such : bread , bread , patty , patty , bread . ... seriously , how doe one even mess that up ? i give one brownie point because the fry really were actually pretty good ... but they were not worth the wait or trouble.i concur with the other reviewer : skip this place . completely . just keep driving . anywhere else is better and le of a waste of your time and money , and the people here are so slow that you will spend more time waiting for your food then you will eating it .
by far the absolute worst mcdonalds in theworld . you can pretty much rest assured that , after your long wait in the drive thru , your order will most definitely be wrong . call to the owner go ignored . rice enterprise own a majority of the mcdonalds in the south hill . they have all gone down hill in quality , service and cleanliness . the owner ha to be the problem .
hit or miss . wa there today and everything wa good . they even checked what happy meal toy they had for my daughter . went a few tine before and sometimes it wa decent sometimes they had order wrong . when order wa wrong they fixed it quickly however and most of the staff is helpful . will go here rather than waterfront location anyday . also very nice sitting area .
worst mcdonald is ever . waited 16 min in drive thru- finally drove through without even ordering ! horrific .
underated and ignored ! if you see this ol time pizzaria near kennywood stop on by good crust nice and buttery in the sicilian style ! better then disallas the only thing i can say that is better then latinas is mineo is ! they say the best pizzarias are the little hole in the wall type place and this is one of those enviroments ! small and cozy very nice and relaxing afternoon ! to just enjoy with yourself and a friend !
i have to admit , the first time i hate here , i absolutely hated the pizza . and i think it wa because i wa expecting something completely different than i got . latina pizza is very different from most pizza shop . instead if a round thin crust pizza , this pizza is square , thick , and doughy . the crust is not really that good , but that is not why you get a pizza here . it is the homemade sauce . and that it is a family owned place that is really pretty inexpensive . the other nice thing about this shop is that it is right next to kennywood . so usually around dinnertime we leave the park and walk over here to order some pizza and drink . no line , no waiting for table , no outrageous price . it is a time to recharge , and sometimes we feel like going back to the park , other time we decide to go home .
good pizza at a great price . the unique crust that is both crispy and airy is probably not for everybody , but our whole group liked it . the sauce is good too , light but with a good tomato flavor . the best thing about this place is the management . they went out of their way for our group of seven and the food wa out fast . and the price : we fed everybody in under $ 40 , with plenty of leftover taken home .
excellent family owned pizza spot . the owner are so nice and always accommodating . the food is great and always what we expect . my daughter love that they have tv in the dining area . the outside patio is decorated very well and it nice to sit outside for a few after you fill up on pizza . great staff great food would recommend to anyone !
i have eaten here my whole life . great people and great food . i highly recommend their italian hoagy . it is the only place i will eat one from . all the food is delicious though .
this is the best bike store i have walked into . their primary focus is on racing bike , but ( a i am not a racer ) the service stay top notch in much lower price ranges.got greeted by the staff , and my girlfriend and i got the luxury of absolutely no pressure a we walked around and looked at bike . she explained what she wa looking for , and the staff explained what they had and what price range she wa looking at . i wound up talking to another person working there , and let them try to find a bike that fit . ( i am 6'8 '' , and a i found out , fit pretty well on an xxl scott 65cm frame . ) anyways , back to my girlfriend is experience . what impressed me wa after they had a bike they thought wa a winner , they let her go on a test ride around the neighborhood there . and then when she came back in two minute , told her that wa not ideal , and sent her back out , with instruction to take the second left and try it on a hill . after she figured out yes , that wa the bike , the guy spent at least half an hour fitting the bike to her ; he wound up switching out the stem , adding a seat with a little more travel , and getting everything just so . there wa no hurry . there wa no pressure.the amount of interest that the staff showed in getting each person the just-so fit get five star ; if you want a bike that fit , it is worth it to browse here.and , update : i went out the other day , and asked for a price on a bike costing about 25 % of the bike i tooled around on there two week ago . without batting an eye , and without a hint of bike snobbery , the owner ran off to figure out what it will cost me . i talked to him about the difference between a double and triple , and he spent twenty minute explaining the pro and con , and gave a strong suggestion on the double . that said , the price he quoted me wa also 10 % under the price quoted by another shop on the same exact bike . i asked for the price of an upgrade to a single part on the new bike , and he quoted me about half the price i expected from doing research on the internet . customer-friendly , well priced , super-high-quality bicycle . a+++.edit , 4 year later : glen , beth , and the rest of the crew here are still there , and still awesome . my girlfriend is now my wife . my lowend trek road bike now ha more mile on it . : - ) it is still a much longer drive to get to big bang , but for any work on my bike , i am glad to make the drive . friend have terrific luck with pittsburgh pro , which is nearer , and i will occasionally stop there on a ride ; that said , for drop-off-the-bike work , big bang is my absolute go-to .
this is the best experience i have had at a bike store in the pittsburgh area . i have been shopping around for a couple month for a new road bike ( which wa going to be my first road bike ever , meaning that i am fairly clueless about how to pick one out ) . also , since i am a student , i do not have particularly deep pockets.at big bang , i wa greeted basically the moment i walked in the door . i am kind of shy when i know that i do not really know what i am doing , but i wa not pressured or harassed in any way by the staff . even though my price range wa pretty low , they still tried their hardest to find a bike that suited my need , and they found a bike that fitted me perfectly ( and gave me an *excellent* deal on the price ) . they take a lot of care to make sure you are properly fitted to the bike.also , this is one of the few bike store i have been to where test riding is gleefully encouraged , rather than grudgingly allowed . definitely it is the only bike store where they will tell you `` you have not tried it out enough , go climb up the hill on it ! '' -- they definitely put the emphasis on matching rider with bike , rather than making a quick sale.i would definitely recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a road bike , whether they are a seasoned racer or a neophyte rider like me .
i have had mixed result here . i would definitely recommend if buying a new bike , but have had much le success with items/parts i have ordered or with repair .
when i think bbb ... i think the day of simply bringing your bike in for a quick and relatively inexpensive tune-up and a few fix are long gone . this review is more for the repair end of bbb . in their defense bbb doe appear to carry some amazing brand of bike ( ie colnago ) that you just do not find anywhere else in pittsburgh . at bbb i wa charged $ 250 for a tune up and a few other thing . granted this included installing a sew up tire ( which i can understand would cost approx $ 50 ) , swapping out a left side ( big ring ) shifter on my down tube ( this should have cost approx . $ 20 at most ) and installing new bar tape ( cost of tape $ 20 and $ 20 to install ? ) .. so what '' s with $ 140 for a tune up ? well the story go like this : i bring the bike into bbb prior to the nice weather hitting pittsburgh in hope of trying what people have said is a great bike shop and getting my oclv trek 5900 ready for the season . turn out i do not hear from these guy . a week go by ... two week ... i think that is ok i have two or three other bike i can turn to for a ride . then i wind up going out of town for a week thinking for sure i will get a call from them re : my bike is ready to roll ... but no dice . so i call . turn out a screw snapped when the mechanic wa re-installing the down tube shifter and it had to be tapped out ( is that my fault ? ) . he say `` should be ready in a few day '' . so i come in a few day later to this mammoth bill . i ask if i am paying for the labor of taping out the screw ? i do not think i ever got a straight answer ? i look at the bill and can not see a good breakdown of the charge . normally i would `` duke it over '' a bill like this but i figured ... i had somewhere i to be 10 minute ago and at least i finally have my bike . i would expect that for that money my bike could have been stripped down to the frame and totally gone over ( overhauled ) . but it wa not . well bbb i will give you a star because the mechanic did do a good job in that my cycle shift well and the tape job on the bar look great ( nice wrap ) . plus i will toss in a star for your outstanding selection of high end cycle . maybe i would have rated bbb higher if i wa in the market for a purchase instead of a simple repair ?
i wrote this review right after i had bought my bike . i would like to update to reflect further experience i have had with bbb.so , first of all , one of the shifter on my bike turned out to be defective ( not super-unusual for the shimano short-reach shifter , also totally not the shop is fault -- these thing happen ) . since it wa covered under warranty , bbb switched it out for a new set of shifter , at no cost to me . i had my bike back in a couple day , no mus no fuss.my husband got a used road bike from craigslist , and we brought it in for a tuneup . the bike had several thing wrong with it , due to a shoddy assembly job , and bbb basically took the entire bike apart and rebuilt it , cleaning it and replacing various worn-out bit . i can not remember the total cost of this , but it wa under $ 100.i would totally recommend bbb , due to their general awesomeness . i have not had any of the tuneup-related woe that other people have had with this shop , even when bringing in a bike that i have not bought there .
i created an account just to review this shop , it is that awesome.this is by far the premier shop in all of western pa , and arguably the state . glenn the shop owner is one of the most knowledgeable men in the u.s. when it come to cycling . having spent time in europe , and with some of the biggest name in the industry , he truly know what he is talking about.furthermore ; he is a pleasure to talk to , incredibly friendly and passionate a anything about the sport . a for bike fitting , this is the only shop i would go to , glenn is knowledge and background can not be competed with , and he is incredibly thorough.yes , they equipment is expensive , but that is a result of the quality they carry..not them setting price high . cycling is expensive , end of story . if you are looking to pick up your next huffy , go to walmart . if you want a quality bike that is going to fit you , and operate perfectly : go to big bang .
bought a bike there on my second time in the shop . glen is very knowledgeable but can be a bit overwhelming , annoying and pushy , i can see how he can be very helpful to the average joe , but if you are in his shop you should have done your homework , a this place is not walmart , mid to high level product here . i would encourage getting fitted and even buying a bike there , but going back for service is a whole different story . same day service is unheard of here , even for the simplest of adjustment , no service is available at all on the weekend . the first time i took a bike there to have a rear derailer hanger replaced and re-adjusted ( i had already purchased and had the hanger ) 11 day went by before i returned to pick my bike up after not being called . i figured it wa just a fluke experience and gave them the benefit of the doubt . the second time . i took a bike in to have a damaged shift lever replaced with a new 7800 pair . i called after 9 day and they said it wold be 2 day more . when i showed up 2 day later it still wa not done , it took 2 more following that , 13 day total . stay away from their service department
when you walk out of big bang bike you know you are buying a bike that fit you ! glenn is amazing and he will help you reach your specific goal ! he ha amazing passion and knowledge to make you more efficient and comfortable . the best bike shop ... by far . great price and service . we live in the north and will not hesitate to make the extra drive for anything bike related .
this place is the absolute best to purchase a bike ! i have been searching for a bike for a while now and every place i have gone to have not been near ha helpful a glenn . the one guy in the shop helped pick me a bike for what i needed and glenn fit me perfectly to the bike . they also helped me with the bike rack on my car and changed my bike saddle for me ! ohhhh and they gave me the best price on the bike and accessory ! ! ! wonderful service . absolutely will go back ! ... can not wait !
i have got to be honest , i do not think i have ever been a blown away by customer service a i wa here . i went in about half an hour before closing , wa not rushed at all . i basically just walked in and said i wa interested in a road bike but knew very little about them ( i am a mtbr ) . i wa helped by glenn , who , within two minute , had me sitting on a bike , measuring me and adjusting thing , and explaining the physic behind positioning and angle and the difference between the male and female physique on a road bike . at no point did he try to upsell anything ( in fact , he did not even ask me about a budget ) . he just gave me a few thing to think about before i invest in something new . he wa very obviously focused on getting me the product that will give me the most efficiency and power for my need . so very impressed ... this is absolutely where i will be buying my bike .
if you are in the market for a high quality bike , whether it be road , mountain , racing , or hybrid , go to see glenn at bbb . it is very clear that he love his shop and his job . i explained my need and preference to him and he quickly fitted me with a bike that suited my need . i actually bought my trek 7300 over 3 year ago and i absolutely love it ! he sell only the highest quality bike and equipment . highly recommended .
my experience at big bang bicycle wa what i have been looking for in the western pa. area . i have been looking for trusted advice concerning a new road bike and proper fitting during the purchase process . i am 6'4 '' and i found out quickly that regardless of the time of the year , it wa very difficult to find a shop which stocked bike of quality that i could properly test ride . big bang and owner glenn could not have been more patient of all my question and concern . his knowledge is remarkable and he took his time fitting me and explaining the process . he had several bike i could demo in my size . after deciding on a model to order glenn , craig , and samson who i had the pleasure of working with , continued to help me through ordering the bike , getting it assembled upon delivery , and taking a significant amount of time going through the bike with me and how to maintain it properly . the shop ha an amazing variety of helmet , clothing , and other thing that a cyclist might want to purchase . even though i live in the north hill , if i need anything from service to merchandise , i will not hesitate to go to big bang bicycle . glenn and the others that work at the shop are well worth the trip .
i am a novice rider looking to customize my bike and very intimidated to walk into the shop . glen and the staff answered all of my question and made it so easy to make my riding experience more comfortable . i would recommend this shop to bicyclist of any experience level !
i have lived in 3 city before coming to pittsburgh , and i have not received service anywhere better than this place . their price and selection are unparalleled elsewhere in the city . the mechanic are certainly the best . and the beuty about this place is they treat everybody with utmost respect - i wa treated like i wa a pro day 1 , even though i am novice in every sense of the wordmy only gripe initially wa the location , but after coming here several time , i understand why this is the mecca of bicycle not only in pittsburgh , but whole western pa. keep up the good work guy
this place is a gem . always helpful , high quality , and great workmanship . this is a great bike shop for any level of rider .
i have ridden , trained on and/or raced bicycle for 30 year and during that time , i have purchased bike and/or part from no le than 20 different shop and website . so it is with a great deal of experience that i can say , with confidence , that this is the best shop i have ever stepped foot ( or cleat ) in . i purchased a new bike and had 3 other bike serviced there in a short period of time . glenn , craig and the entire team effectively demonstrated technical expertise , a passion for the sport and most importantly , a deep respect for their customer . i not only witnessed it myself but witnessed it with other customer while i wa waiting . whether you are new to the sport or a long time cyclist seeking a new and better experience , there simply is no better shop than big bang . their selection , access and overall service is simply unreal . enjoy this place , it is a treat .
the service here wa fantastic . i have found my new bike shop . i got great help and advice at no charge when they could have taken advantage of me and charged me a high cost for no real benefit ( many place would do just that ) . in the future i will be purchasing from this shop and recommending them to others .
my experience at big bang bike wa fantastic . i wa there to shop for my first road bike , and glenn ( and his entire staff ) were extremely helpful and knowledgeable about anything bike related , from biking geometry and fit all the way down to water bottle cages.i will be coming here moving forward for bike maintenance , to purchase accessory and upgrade , and will recommend this shop to anyone .
maybe nicest upper level bike shop nationwide here . most helpful staff , glen . beautiful high end bike and equipment . this is a must do place for the enthusiastic rider .
what , you have not been to bellisario is yet ? this is about the only red sauce pizza i ever get a craving for , and boy howdy is it good . the crust is on the thin side and ever so crisp on the bottom , while still having enough dough on the edge to provide a nice chewy bit at the end of your slice . the dough itself is flavorful , not too ... well , doughy . the sauce is great , and they do not drown the pizza in it . there is just enough cheese ; not so much it is an overwhelming grease slick and not so little you can not tell it is there . if you can go while mama is working , all the better.you can eat in here ; they have four or five booth and generation worth of family photo on the wall . two of u split a small ( 8-cut ) pizza with one topping ( $ 9 ) and with our two can of pop we were out for $ 10 . you can not beat that . and i will put bellisario is pizza up against any in the city.i grew up a five minute walk away . my mom loved bellisario is and i have a lot of fond memory of walking through the alley to pick up a cheese pizza to bring home , my mom being too dollar-conscious to pay for delivery when there were perfectly able-bodied child around to go pick it up . every time i have a slice , it brings back great memory . but i have had outside confirmation that it really is a awesome a i think it is.it is a little divey , stuck in the back of an old shopping plaza , but it is perfect . if you are in west mifflin ( say , going to kennywood ) , drive over and eat a pizza . they have also got hoagy and calzones , and i think that is about it . but with pizza this good , who care ?
okay so i just moved to the outskirt of duquesne , pa which is outside of pittsburgh from harrisburg , pa of all place . where i am at , really there is no delivery but these guy did . they were nice and cordial and cheap but i have been spoiled by the pizza shop in harrisburg , downtown , run my an old world italian guy named luigi . that pizza is/was mile better than this . this crust , while thin , did not have flavor and wa hard . the slice were small for their 8 slice which i did like . the cheese wa good . the sauce wa meh . i have definitely had way better . 2 star for being cheap and delivering .
good pizza and i love the breadstick ... i do not know too much else about this place
pizza is very hit or miss . when the owner are there , it is really good . when they are not , you get pizza that is over cooked ( more like burnt ) and long delivery time . the pizza , even when plain , is very greasy . way more than other place around . usually pizza that greasy is caused by low quality cheese . also they do not take credit or debit card . there are better option .
incredible . the pizza is the best in the area , by far . the sandwich are great a well , but in my opinion the best food they have is their calzones , which i highly recommend . this place deserves a 5-star a far a their food is concerned , but the dine-in potion of the shop is tiny and make dining-in quite unenjoyable , so i am forced to give them 4-stars . would highly recommend either picking up or having something delivered , not so much on eating there though .
this fbo may not look like much on the outside considering it is housed in a double wide trailer next to a cemetery , but once you are inside everything change . this fbo is staffed by very friendly counter and ramp people and it is surprisingly nice inside . two bathroom with full shower and a couple of quite area for the weary pilot or passenger are but a few of the nice touch here . crew car and cheap fuel make this the airport of choice when flying into pittsburgh .
one of the best fbos when flying to pittsburgh . fuel is cheap , they have a crew car ( a jeep compass ) that they let you use for free on a first-come , first serve basis for a few hour . landing fee are waived with fuel purchase . overnight parking is $ 15 for a typical single engine plane . the staff is super nice ; they have coffee , cherry and cooky for you inside and it is so close to downtown pittsburgh ! there are two fbos at agc and every pilot i have talked to recommends going to voyager for fantastic service . after my very brief flight there , i agree wholeheartedly ! i can not wait to go back and bring my wife for a pittsburgh weekend getaway.it look a little beat up , because a the previous reviewer mentioned ... it is housed in a double wide trailer , but the facility are modern inside and they are doing some construction/expanding , so i have a feeling it will change quite a bit soon !
good service.. it is very attentive . nice facility , though crew lounge should be larger a it is currently full .
i have been looking for 3 year for good crab rangoon - i finally found it ! ! ! we had boneless rib that were absolutely wonderful . definitely going back ! ! !
best menu best food in pittsburgh ! thank goodness i only live 5 min away !
ok this is my first yelp review , i never left any review for other restaurant , but i am writing it because i want others to know about this place more.restaurant run by family . very friendly , clean cooking environment , and great food . i would come to this place again and again whenever i visit pittsburgh.its le than 10min drive from kennywood , if you are visiting kennywood you should definitely try this place .
great food , service and price . it is in a not so great part of town , but lock your door and it is definitely worth it . best baked good in the area ! try the almond torte ! !
thanks to darren is si jessica , we had some excellent cooky for our housewarming party . i liked th sugar cooky with the jimmy best and the half-dipped chocolate chip , but they were all good . it is too bad about the area in which it is though .
came here from pgh for the first time . this bakery is legit . i bought some rye bread and italian 5 grain . delicious . a strange snickerdoodle thing with pink frosting . delicious . chocolate chip cookie dipped in chocolate , extra chewy and humongous . delicious.and a sweet old lady serving em up.the best.delicious .
absolutely the best bakery i have been in ever ! the cooky are delicious . the nut roll . & coffee cake are heaven . put on your bucket list to eat an almond torte . it is extremely memorable . i will dream about minerva is delicacy until i return to visit the burgh again . btw - the staff is the best .
it sound crazy to drive to mckeesport for a cookie but minerva is the best ! cooky and pie are incredible . cake are lovely and the pastry are worth the workout to get rid of them . they have a wide selection and now take credit card . it worth calling ahead on the holiday . this is not the giant eagle , sometimes they sell out .
great baked good and a nice staff . staff seems to be bumping into each other and line quickly form . would also be nice if they allowed customer to order anything they want during the holiday to alleviate the wait .
the cake wa delicious ! this bakery is one of oldest and best bakery in the area . service wa great and price were even better . freshly made , just ready to be eaten ! : )
excellent service and excellent baked good ! the staff is so nice ! love everything there including their fabulous sandwich roll ! i wish they would make a website and also update their facebook page so more people can find out about them !
minerva ha awesome cake ! they are cash only . stop and pick up a delicious cake ! i have been enjoying this bakery my entire life !
this place is such a gem ! ! ! ! you can taste the love in every item that they make . 3 generation of my family have gotten our wedding cake from here , and i really hope they are around for my future child to order from . their icing is next level and perfect . their donut are perfect . everything is perfect pretty much . you will not be disappointed .
we got our wedding cake here back in 2008 , and it wa amazing . the woman that worked with u on design , size , flavor , etc . wa extremely helpful and patient . the cake came out beautifully , and wa delicious ! since then , nothing i have tasted hold a candle to minerva is .
our go-to for birthday cake . the pepperoni roll are great . very comfortable atmosphere , feel like you are in grandma is kitchen .
this bakery been here over 100 year they make the best cake in the mon valley , the lady of will have you laughing to tear and the thing i like they are the most is the freshly cut bread and there quarter sheet cake so tasty so delicious so good .
a delicious neighborhood gem about 5 block from the hospital . my favorite are the brownie and creme horn , and pumpkin pie in season , in about 3 size go fast . sometimes if you go near closing , they will pop in an extra brownie or cookie . the burnt almond torte is a good a prantl is .
you have never had a pierogie until you have driven out to mckees rock and picked up a dozen or so from pierogies plus . made primarily by polish and ukranian immigrant , these are probably the most authentic/delicious pierogies you can buy in the state . if the only pierogies you have ever had were the frozen mrs. t is you got at giant eagle , do yourself a favor and check pierogies plus out .
year after the first reviewer came here , the quality is still great and deserving of more than 5 stars.the people who work here and run this place are super friendly and really know their craft . the main owner took my order once and gave me some tip on how to cook the frozen pierogies at home . they turned out ok , but not a good a getting them fresh from the store . it can be a bit of a drive from anywhere that is not mckees rock ( google map take you through the hood ) but it is worth it .
these are the best pierogies ever ! my favorite is the jalapeno pierogie , which is not that spicy , but ha excellent flavor . it is such a treat to get these when i am back in town !
love butter ? then get thee to pierogies plus.i live in st. louis , and it seems like the only pierogi i can find are in my grocer is freezer . oh , but when i go home to pittsburgh , i can have a much of the chewy , flavorful , buttery goodness a i desire from pierogies plus.the place still look like an old service station with a tiny building and a roof over an old gas pump island . inside , though , magical elf ... uh ... i mean fabulous polish woman ... create deliciousness with love -- and butter . have i mentioned that butter is a part of the deal ? because it totally is . you really should fast for two day before picking up pierogi from here.oh , but you will be happy you did . i am vegetarian , so i only order meat-free pierogi . i am in love with the saurkraut and the cheese variety . when you pick up a hot order , you will get your pierogi covered in with rich butter and sauteed onion . no , i am serious -- the pierogi are swimming in butter . it is the best thing ever . everything is packed inside a styrofoam container and a plastic bag , because butter will spill out.you also can order cold or frozen pierogi if you plan to , say , lug them to the middle of the country to enjoy in a far-off city.besides many variety of pierogi , you also can get thing from the deli case . last time , i had some apricot blintz , a latke and some type of apple turnover thingy . i really hope pierogies plus ha the blintz when i visit next.awesome thing : pierogies plus usually ha coupon in the entertainment book . my best friend and i steal all of the coupon from our family so that i can get a steady stream of discounted polish goodness each time i visit.the only downside is that pierogies plus often close for several day around holiday . i totally understand it -- family time is important ! -- but that often coincides with my visit ( i head east around the holiday mainly because i get an extra day with the fam without having to take another vacation day ) . i have learned to plan my trip around the pierogies plus schedule , though , because i must have yummy goodness . a pierogi-less allison is a cranky allison .
these pierogies are one of my favorite thing in the world . they are freakin ' amazing . the potato and jalapeno one are my favorite . and i definitely think it is worth it to drive all the way out to mckees rock to get them . i like to get them frozen , and bring them home and smother them in butter .
i wa planning to attend a conference in pittsburgh and wa researching food joint that i wanted to check out . a friend of mine insisted that i go to pierogies plus telling me that the food wa so good that ever since he went that he ha had pierogies mail-ordered to his house each year . while i have never been a huge fan of pierogies , i figured that i should heed my friend advice since he generally steer me to place i enjoy . let is just say in this case , he hit the ball out of the park.i actually wound up going to pierogies plus straight from the airport . after getting in a rental car and plugging in my gps , imagine my surprise when my gps announced `` you have reached your destination . '' and i found myself sitting outside what appeared to be an old service station . when i walked inside and up to the counter , i found a crew of polish woman rocking out every kind of pierogi imaginable . i wa overwhelmed by the sheer volume of choices.wanting to try everything , i wound up going with their sampler platter # 1 which wa a small haluski ( a noodle and cabbage mixture ) , a stuffed cabbage , and four pierogi ( i wound up going with a potato with bacon , potato with cheese , potato with jalapeno , and potato with meat ) . the food wa outrageously good . i am actually salivating just thinking back on the meal . the stuffed cabbage wa not marred by the typical dryness that can afflict that dish and wa perfectly sauced . the haluski , a dish i had never heard of , wa amazing.while i can not expect everyone to make their way to pittsburgh solely to go to pierogies plus , do yourself a favor and order some . those wonderful lady deserve your business . your belly will appreciate it !
little lady , sitting in the back of a renovated gas station perched precariously at the top of a hill , making pierogies and cooking them to perfection in butter and onion ... it almost sound like a strange pittsburgher fairy tale , but this is no tale - the finest pierogies i have ever eaten emerge from the back of that gas station , and my polish girlfriend even confirmed that these are better than some of her family is goods.while in line i met folk from rhode island , kentucky , and north carolina , who all had come to mckees rock in their rental car straight from the airport before even going to see their family - that is dedication and commitment to some seriously delicious pierogies . after enjoying a dozen of these filling , savory , perfect pierogies , i think once i move away from here i will be making that same trip to pierogies plus myself .
my coworkers and i left our office in crafton , headed for pierogies plus . the journey there took u past bizarre , abandoned-looking building , and road that suddenly ended in cement blockade . the area is prime for use a the setting of a slasher flick . but , the weird drive is totally worth it . pierogies plus is so legit . the setting is reminiscent of seinfeld is 'soup nazi ' : tiny interior , people standing in line shoulder-to-shoulder , and a lady behind the counter brusquely taking order . oh , and make sure you order your 'rogies `` hot '' if you are planning on eating them soon ! otherwise , you get 'em frozen . ( there is a slight up-charge for the hot one , btw -- electricity ai not free ! ) they were out of the plain potato and the potato and cheese variety when we were there , so i had the platter with pierogies and kielbasa . i opted for the sauerkraut pierogies , and they were so good ! the interior wa filled with sauerkraut mixed with potato , a opposed to many other sauerkraut pierogies i have had that were filled with only kraut . i definitely prefer the potato/kraut mix ! they were also drowning in butter and onion . like , serious , serious butter - paula deen ha nothin ' on these lady ' butter usage . the kielbasa wa awesome , too ! i also sampled their haluski and it wa the best i have ever had . ton o ' butter , seasoned with generous amount of salt 'n ' pepper , and there wa quite a bit of sautéed onion in the mix , which added even more flavor . a few thing to note : they have coupon you can print out on their website , but you must cut them out if you are gon na bring 'em in and use them ! you can not just hand them the whole piece of paper . if you want to order a special variety , they need 2 day advance notice ( check their site to see what the 'special ' one are ) . they do accept credit card , with a $ 10 min . yes , some of the lady are not the friendliest , but the food is so good , they can be like that , and you will still come back for more ! and , parking is quite limited there . pretty sure the building is a converted service station . : ) all in all , these pierogies are some of the best i have ever had , and i will definitely be back very soon !
update : get . the . italian . sausage . pierogies . holy crap . it will change your freaking life !
omg good pierogis in a classic blue collar 'hood . at first glance , it look like a place to get a flat fixed on your tire . instead , i re-learn why i always avoid the corporate food franchise and seek place like this out . just go there and eat whatever the nice woman behind the counter tell you to ! it is well worth the mapquest ...
a a skeptical out of towner , i wa pretty wary after the hotel bellhop suggested this off the beaten path place . however this place far exceeded my expectation . we bought an assorted dozen of pierogies and they were all delicious ( my favorite being the jalapeños pierogi and the bacon/potato pierogi ) . a great find and an excellent place for someone out of town to try out pierogies !
some great pierogies are expertly handmade with `` tender loving care , '' here in this once-was-a-gas-station . quality , i tell you . they are definitely worthy of a pierogi pilgrimage . order them hot if you want them right then and there because these nice lady also sell them cold to take home too . hot and buttery , buttery , buttery , and covered in sauteed onion is how you will get them . so good . we shared the potato and cheese , potato and sauerkraut , and hot sausage variety . delicious , them all .
best pierogies in tahn ! i usually just go with the standard potato and cheese but i have also tried a few of the other pierogies and some of the plus . these pierogies can not be beat . made by hand with love in the traditional old world style , i have yet to find better.it is amazing to get there at 10:55am , 5 minute before they open and see the mad rush of people getting pierogies . by 11am , the line is already out the door . always a good sign . they serve their pierogies hot , cold or frozen . i always go with the hot because nothing beat pierogies bathing in butter and onion . and here at pierogies plus , they are definitely worth the wait .
just finished a dinner of pierogies that our pgh family brought to wv - always look forward to pierogies plus - try the apricot for a sweet treet !
apricot with cream cheese , who would have thought ... love this place , love it so much . print the 10 % off coupon on their website before going in . make sure u print it out , they will not accept it other wise .
pierogies plus ha the most amazing customer service i have ever encounteredi wanted to send my sister , who life in pittsburgh , a care package after she had a bad fall . i normally put together my own , but i wa too busy , and i wanted to make sure it wa just a special . the wonderful people at pierogies plus made sure my sister had a delicious surprise , and they were wonderful and kind every time i called.my sister and brother-in-law raved over the pierogies , and my sister wa absolutely delighted by the dessert apricot one ! ( they received them fresh the evening they were made , and then froze the rest -- fresh and frozen were both delish ! ) i can not recommend this place enough ! tldr : go buy your pierogies here !
this place ha some amazing homemade pierogies ! i had never eaten anything besides the usual mrs. t. is potato type and boy , wa i missing out ! we stopped one night and got a some potato/cheddar and some sauerkraut/potato . you can buy them hot or take them home cold . there is a small table outside to eat , but only standing room to order inside.they had special order pierogies that sounded amazing , but they suggest a 2 day advance order for those . they said sometimes they will have leftover specialty one for sale , but it all depends on the day . they also have haluski , stuffed cabbage and other thing that i am looking forward to trying next time .
my mother is 80+ year old and now life in new york but she grew up outside of pittsburgh . her parent were czech and our annual vacation to visit my grandparent were wonderful - filled with family dinner including stuffed cabbage , peirogies , and haluski . now that my mother is older and life alone making thing like stuffed cabbage is difficult for her . i saw peirogies plus featured on the food network year ago and decided to send my mom an assortment for her birthday . when her package arrived she called me immediately and said `` where did you get this food ? ? ? `` . this is the real deal - traditional , authentic , ethnic food . the gift i sent took my mother back to her own mother is kitchen . it is the comfort food to beat all comfort food - it also take me back to my childhood all those summer ago ! i am ordering again for my mother is birthday . the only `` problem '' now is that i have to order enough to include my brother and sister who mysteriously show up at my mother is house once the rumor that the package ha arrived make the round .
this little former gas station make some incredibly delicious pierogies . order ahead for big holiday - we order several dozen every year for easter and the take out line stretch out the door all day on good friday . i particularly like the apricot and cream cheese and the prune variety . potato and cheddar are great , too , of course !
warning : addicting potatoe version of crack -- -- -cheap , frozen , cold or hot . parking suck on busy route 51 mckees rock only enough room for approx 6-8 car . super busy best time to come is between 1pm-4pm -- -- -- g8 food . outside in good weather there is a couple little table to sit at. , but not during the winter/early spring . most customer are to go take home . hour monday 11-6 , tues-friday 11-7 -- -- - closed sat/sun
yummy ! i have never tried polish food aside from a sausage . i have to say it wa really good . the lady that worked there were very nice . the only down side it took a while to get my food . i think it is made to order . regardless , when i received my food it wa streaming hot . let is just say for me it wa worth the wait .
best pierogies i have ever had . and , seeing a how i am from pittsburgh ... . that is a lot . the apricot and cream cheese pierogies are amazing ! ! ! go .
this place wa really good . ordered the sampler plate with one small haluski , one stuffed cabbage , four pierogies . i have to admit the haluski wa epic ! ! ! omg the best i wa like what am i eating ! ! soooo freakin good ! ! the pierogies and the stuffed cabbage wa not a amazing , but it wa tasty . the crab cake wa nasty . yuck ! ! !
good pierogies , but after also having szmidts in greenfield recently , this place take the backseat . it also out of the way for me . however , if i ever happen to be in mckees rock , ill make sure to keep this spot in mind .
i wa very disappointed in the quality of the pierogies and the haluski at pierogies plus . i ordered them hot and i purchased enough so that i could have leftover the next day . when i got home and opened the container , something smelled odd . when i started to eat , it tasted just a odd . a it turn out , what is referred to a 'butter sauce ' is a misrepresentation of what it really is -- -- -margarine , which i eliminated from my diet year ago because of the trans fat and the fact that any way you cut it , butter make for a better product . sorry allison b , ai not no butter here . margarine is used a a cost-cutting measure , and it just can not measure up . i rinsed off the peirogies and browned them in some butter and my own onion . the haluski got thrown away . for the price being charged for these product , the proprietor can well-afford to use butter .
great food ! i have been eating at pierogies plus since they opened . great food all around ! the halupki and halushki are awesome a well a the pierogies .
decent pierogies but not the best i have had . i have eaten @ pierogies plus two time . both time i got the potato & cheese pierogies . they are good however they come in way too much butter/oil . they are probably soaked in at least a half a cup or more of butter/oil . when i get them i have to take them out of all the butter/oil b/c it would make me completely sick if i ate them a is . other than that the pierogies themselves are decent . however , they are pretty pricey . about $ 12 for 1 dozen . recommend eating here if you are passing through or nearby but i would not go out of my way .
we went way out of our way on a long road trip to stop here , and it wa worth it . it is just one of those funky little neighborhood spot that doe a great job at it specialty . ordering wa a little awkward but we got through it . we did not mind sitting in the crappy little outdoor seating area -- it wa better than getting back in the car .
out and about at lunch ... decided to stop and grab something to eat . there wa a nice selection of hot and ready pierogis to choose from which wa nice and there were a few available behind the counter `` cold '' . most of the specialty type pierogies require special order ( potato and meat etc . ) i had a meatball sandwich for $ 5.50 and it wa tasty . it wa the size of a half meatball hoagie . the woman that waited on me said that the meatball were homemade . of course i had to get some delicious pierogies.. `` potato and cheese ( submerged in butter and onion ) . i took them back to the office and shared .
the amount of food in the box wa crazy i think it could have easily fed two people . the pierogies are on point . i had potato and cheese and loved them ! ! ! no place to eat so it a to go place but well worth it . glad we stopped on on our way to pittsburgh ! ! ! would go back
sorry just had my first taste of pierogies plus . we had the potato cheese i would like to know where the cheese wa ? the potato tasted very bland almost like dried mixed . not my cut of tea .
there wa a time when you insisted on getting your pierogies from the church . they were authentic recipe made with love by church lady . pierogies plus hire church lady , and it is a lot easier than buying from church . seriously , they ship pierogies all over the world , and their product is the gold standard . plan some extra time , because this is not fast food . the counter always seems slow to me , they do thing their own way , but now i find it rather charming . they have some coupon on their website , and there have been groupon deal in the past , so check for those.bottom line , the pierogies are amazing and authentic .
i love these . i would eat the whole dozen in one sitting if i could . the apricot cream cheese one are delicious !
have really been missing home and recently had pierogies and haluski shipped all the way to alabama . shipping cost were pretty substantial , and the cooling system wa very borderline in term of how long it last , but everything looked so amazing that i wa willing to chance it . : ) price wise , i think shipping is absolutely worth it a along a you order two or more of everything . everything wa so great -- maybe even better than my busha used to make ! will definitely be ordering again and again .
go hungry ! ! the meal are huge ! we found this place before we visited the pittsburgh area and wanted to add it to our list of place to eat . we were only doing mom and pop type restaurant for our vacation , no major chain restaurant . this place fit the bill perfectly ! like i said the meal are huge and delicious . we got there right before closing but they still served u with a smile . we had the # 2 and the # 7 , both were yummy . those pierogies could not have had any more filling in them , they are packed with goodness . this wa the first time we have ever had haluski , it wa awesome . we also had the nut horn for dessert . buy some for the car ride home ! there are a few seat outside the shop but it is mostly carry out . also do not let the neighborhood scare you , the food is worth it ! !
great pierogies and haluski . a bit pricey for what you get and their deal for bulk order are not great compared to other place ( for example , gosia is is better and will give you a deal on a big order ) . pierogies plus is not the best pierogies in the city -- keeping in mind there is a lot of competition here -- but they definitely are the best polish food in the mckees rock area.the main reason that i deducted a star is because every staff member there ha been incredibly rude over the phone or in person . i got yelled at by a staff person once when i rather meekly pointed out their website price did not match their in-store price -- not my fault the website wa not up-to-date .
good food , great staff . always friendly always clean very consistent . the breakfast sandwich is awesome .
food here wa pretty comparable to other eat n park . my boyfriend and i came here late at night . he ordered soup , and prop to the waitress for being honest and telling him not to get it , that it had been sitting all day and wa soggy . we really appreciated the waitress being upfront about what to not order late at night . overall a good experience
good food , but really spotty service . out of three trip , one wa excellent , one involved u waiting for forty minute for our ( cold ) food , and one involved u waiting for fifteen minute to even see a server before we just left money for a coffee . so it is not a bad place , but definitely stick to the drive thru .
the hamburger and fry taste better than other eat n park i have eaten at . i dont know why maybe a different food distributor . clean , the service is good .
good people watching , salad bar always fresh , cool photo of old rox , and they always accommodate my weird order . cheap , fast , local .
have been here two time after stopping at mancini is bakery . have only had the hamburger/cheese/bacon w/ fry but huge portion and great price . great quality also . server is really nice also . will be eating here again . heard the breakfast item are also great . saw the waffle and pancake ... .were huge !
marge is tucked away in the delightful pittsburgh neighborhood of mckees rock . this place reminds me half of a diner from the 1950 is , and half my grandma kitchen.the seating room is accommodation , the service prompt and courteous.the price are fantastic and so is the food.i had a grilled hodge podge combination of hot/sweet sausage , potato , egg , and pepper all on one dish for 9.50 . it wa excellent . lady and gent , i can put food away like a champ and i still had leftovers.my friend had a succulent , buttery french toast . simple , but they nailed it.i would return .
on a random sunday morning i went in search of a good breakfast spot . i decided to explore the mckees rock neighborhood and came upon marge is place . i had not heard much about this place , but after reading the few review i could find , i decided to give it a try . inside , it is bigger than i expected but still ha that down home diner feel . my guess is that most of the people there were regular . the wait staff wa friendly to those they knew but also welcoming to me , someone they had never seen before . i picked a table in the corner so i could observe what i imagine wa a typical sunday morning . i ordered the breakfast special : 2 scrambled egg with bacon , potato and toast . any place that ha mancini is italian toast already get thumb up in my book . being in mckees rock , though , they really do not have a choice . the potato were thin sliced with onion and very flavorful . the only way i can think of to describe the bacon is ... porkier . is that even a word ? i just do not know how else to descibe it . the combination of food wa served in generous portion at a great price ( under $ 5 ) . one random note : i liked the table and chair . they were comfortable not just for sitting and enjoying a cup of coffee with my morning paper but also very comfortable for sitting and eating . good distance between the table and chair . that may sound silly , and i thought so , too , at first . but when i go to a place and the booth is too wide or too narrow , it can hinder my enjoyment . not only will i return , but i will also recommend marge is place to anyone in the area . it wa a surprisingly good find . i like place like neighborhood business like this where they make everyone feel like they belong .
great service , great food at a reasonable price ! the cheeseburger wa a big a my head and delicious and the onion ring were just a good . our waitress wa friendly , attentive and quick to refill drink . can not wait to go back !
very quaint ! stopped here for lunch while traveling for work , and i felt like i wa in a diner in the 1950s . had a grilled cheese and fry - the food wa good and everyone wa friendly .
great small town breakfast spot highly recommend george is mixed grill ... delicious
i have live around this area all my life and my family would go here and i would always decline to go , that is until saturday my brother asked me if i wanted to go to breakfast and i had to say yes ( just posted on facebook that i wanted to go to breakfast and nobody wanted to go with me ) let get to the review i am glad i said yes there homefries are awesome the egg were just right . i would definitely go here again .
i am new to pittsburgh so i wanted to try out all the local spot first and let me tell you ... this spot is definitely worth a try ! it is a cute diner with a lot of local charm . the price are awesome and the food is even better ! i had the cinnamon raisin french toast with the home fry and a coffee . all of it wa really good . i am not a complainer but i am picky and honestly ... i have nothing but good thing to say about this place . i highly recommend you stop by and give it a try ! you can thank me later . ; )
great service , friendly staff , great food , great price . what more can you ask for in a small town breakfast place ? will definitely be back
always a favorite . new name ( broadway brunch ) , but the same great food . good coffee.quick service , friendly waitstaff . good home cooked foot at reasonable price . the neighborhood is a bit sketchy , so lock your car door . local food ( mancinis toast , riccis sausage ) . atmosphere is loud , smokey and a bit greasy , but the delicious food is worth it . you can not beat marge place for a great deal . 2 egg cooked to order , the best home fry i know of , crisp hickory bacon , rocco is sausage , hot buttered mancinis toast and vanilla french toast ... $ 6.99i hope it never change by going upscale or healthy ( organic , vegan etc ) . parking meter are 10 cent an hour .
i have been coming here for year but the new owner make a world of difference . great bargain and better breakfast . you can not go wrong with straightforward good food made well . in an area known for great basic these guy get it right.take a trip to stowe hunry .
this wa our first time visiting broadway brunch and we were not disappointed ! i found them on yelp and read the review and thought we should give it a go . everything wa delicious , and i am a very picky eater . the coffee wa wonderful and my egg were just right . i can not tell you the last time i ordered egg over medium and actually got egg over medium . no burned crusty edge or anything ! and the bacon , oh the bacon , it wa perfect ! this place is a gem and i can not wait to bring my mom and sister here next time they visit . the owner rj and kelly were super nice and even came to check on u to make sure everything wa good . they are also in the process of remodeling to give it more of a 50 is feel . if you are looking for a great little homey feeling diner with great food and affordable price , this is the place !
my dad grew up in mckees rock so whenever we are back visiting relative we stop at mancini is . this is right down the street and we have never stopped here . what a pleasant surprise for the rock . great breakfast special , mixed grill wa superb and of course they serve mancini is which make the best french toast .
great service , fantastic atmosphere ... friendliest owner ever ! ! the viking is breakfast though wow ! ! ! ! highly recommend this place ! !
the true test of a great breakfast place is it ability to produce the perfect over medium egg , the white cooked through and the yoke , unbroken , warm and runny . many place have either produced broken or rock hard yoke ( over hard ) or runny white ( over easy ) in their attempt to create an over medium egg , but broadway brunch completely nailed it ! i am so glad i found this little breakfast treasure trove and look forward to visiting again on my next trip to pittsburgh .
just moved to the area and decided to have a breakfast date at this small town diner i saw on google map . it wa within walking distance so i figured it wa worth a try.food wa absolutely great , coffee wa great and our server wa extremely sweet and polite . i believe this is going to be a once a week breakfast date spot for me and my girl .
the atmosphere feel like an old school diner . everyone is always so friendly even the other customer . the food is delish ... i drive 25 mile one way to eat here and it is worth the trip every time ! !
found this place on a sunday looking for breakfast . the food wa fantastic and you get you get a decent sized portion . very inexpensive for what you are getting . i have been back since my initial visit and the food wa just a good . the staff is very friendly and welcoming . would highly recommend .
i have only eaten here once and that is enough . the atmosphere is cozy , the wait staff friendly and fast and the price were reasonable . unfortunately the food wa not very good . i wa served over cooked egg with raw bacon and the biscuit were stale . i do not know if there wa an inexperinced cook or just bad luck , but bad food is bad food .
fantastic all around , great food , good people and a cozy atmosphere . love this place so much !
amazing ! service , food , charm ... all-in-one place ! home cooking ... you will not be disappointed .
moved into a new neighborhood , get to try some new pie : dpasquarelli is pizza house jumped off of the page a the place to try . yes , on name alone , haha . after being told that they do not deliver to me and then that they do , the actual order took place . no , you can not get double or extra pepperoni ( -1 the pizza is not that good that they can dictate what you want on it ) or extra cheese . no , you can not get a menu and no we are out of hot sausage . too many `` no is '' to me . no , we do not have coke or pepsi . no , we do not have bottle . ( -1 for all the `` no is '' ) large pie with pepperoni and ham2 can of mountain dew $ 19.18 , seemed a little expensive compared to price on mt wash , where this would have been $ 14- $ 16 , no ma . ( -1 ) the delivery occurred ahead of the stated 45 minute time , delivery guy wa great . the dough wa a little tough , in fact my jaw hurt after 2 slice . i tried another piece about a half hour later and it wa really tasty and the crust wa a bit softer . i also like the `` dirty crust '' ( +1 ) , they flip the crust down to size covering a presauced section , putting a small bit of sauce inside the crust . they sauce the crust edge sloppy and get cheese all over the top , dirty crust . yummy !
best pizza in the western hemisphere !
i may be a little biased here based on the fact that i have been eating at this place since ... i wa born . with that said , i have eaten pizza all of the usa and this is still my absolute favorite place to order pizza from . when i come home to pittsburgh for a visit ordering from pasquarelli is is a must ! it is a true mom and pop pizza dive . the owner are really nice and man can they cook . the pizza is unique . handmade dough , homemade sauce , tasty cheese , you name it . i love this place ! if you order here please do not stop at pizza ! i have never had a meatball that is better than mrs. p is meatball . they are so good that i do not compare other meatball to them because it is not fair to the other cook . the steak hoagie is also one of my favorite . this place is not cheap but this is real handmade food ! if you want cheap pizza go to pizza hut .
best pizza ever !
this pizza spot came highly recommended by several friend and we finally got a chance to taste the awesomeness ! stuffed crust with sauce that is not too sweet and not too bitter , pepperoni and mushroom wa a great combo ! cash only and sooooo worth it !
my beau and i decided to do a `` pizza week '' , pasquarelli is wa third on our list ( choosing from a list of top pizza shop in pgh ) . it is by far the best pizza we have ever had ! we tried a small white and a med red sauce ( with stuffed crust ) . priced reasonably well for the unbelievably mouth-watering pie they serve . take out service only and cash only , but even though it is about 30 minute from where we live we will certainly be back ! !
i have tried to eat here 3 time in the last 2 year ... every time i try it is closed ? like today , a random march friday 3 pm . it wa closed ? do they take a lot of vacation ? i have heard good thing though .
this is the best pizza in mckee is rock . mom and pop shop . it is just a little shed located across from the dollar general . the pizza is amazing ! the old lady answer the phone and take care of the money . the old man make the pizza . you do not need extra topping because they give you plenty of fresh ingredient . a large pizza will feed a family of 4 even 5 . the crust is dusty and crunchy . the sauce is one of a kind . it is cash only so make sure you stop at the bank before you get there . oh and they do not deliver either . like i said it is a mom and pop shop of two employee only . in fact i am ordering a pie tonight . p it is great the next day in the oven .
this wa a good place to get pizza . a far a i know they are no longer open at this location .
the best deep dish pizza in pgh the other food is great too the owner know you by name been eating there for 30 year
this place is great.. i have had a lot of pizza pie in my life and this by far is the best.. although a little pricey , you get what you pay for .. a little ól pie shop in the rock that is family run here for 42 years.. everything hand made.. , every time i have been there it is outstanding and gratifying ... do not forget cash ... no card ...
hunan wok is a strip mall chinese joint in kennedy township . when walking in , you are overwhelmed by the smell of cleaning product , how dimly lit it is and a lot of the signage and calendar are dusty/dirty ( -1 overall appearance ) , just not real appealing . it wa around 2:30 and empty . i ordered l24 general tso is , yea i know , real adventurous , but i do ask for it hot every time . i wa told 15 minute , it took 20 and they were dead slow ( -1 ) . the general tso is wa about a flavorless a you could get and o , so dry ( -1 ) . the pork fried rice wa actually pork burnt rice , nasty ( -1 ) . i also ordered boneless rib , which were pretty good . not a lot of fat on them.ended up paying $ 13 for a lunch special that did not come with a drink ( -1 ) .overall , odds of going back are a lot slimmer than me .
very tasty well made chinese cuisine , go with the take out route rather than eating in ... try the hunan wok special soup and fried rice ... extra spicy .
shredded chicken and general tsos ... very bland ! ! ! ! menu is very basic . the price are a little above average and certainly not worth it . tasteless.very disappointed.. never again one staris being nice .
our go to for robinson and kennedy good value and the family that run it are awesome . try it out curry beef
ewwww
it wa not a busy night at the neighborhood , but you could have been fooled by how long the food took . while it did take a while everyone wa extremely friendly . the food did come out hot , at least mine did , the rest of the plate were plate-warmer hot . everyone in the table resented me for `` holding back '' the table since they staff pointed out they were waiting on my burger.which hey work a a segway onto the burger . quesadilla burger . i knew that wa a mistake but i did it anyways . the patty wa sorta flavorful . the topping were in the bland category . cheese went mia . and the tortilla were over-toasted and tasteless.a big blah overall , which is sad , since we have had a grand ole time and good food in past visit .
the 7 ounce house sirloin is the bomb ! 'nuff said .
have not been here in a long time . never thought applebee is would be so good . the new sriracha shrimp are fantastic . bbq-ish , spicy , fried perfectly . the pub philly with extra grilled jalapeño wa another hit.if you get fry , get the bbq dust on them or on the side . best part wa their in house made spicy cucumber . pickle gone wild ! if you sit at the bar , see nucc . he is great .
applebee is is a chain restaurant found around the country . the service is friendly and now they have added to your table a machine where you can play game , answer trivia question , or add to your order . there is a slight fee for the two former item so you would swipe your card in order to use it.i normally come here during the week when they have lunch special . you get a choice or soup , half sandwich or half salad of the one listed.i normally order the french onion soup along with the chinese chicken salad . although it come fried you can request it grilled and you get a small breadstick to go with it.it is a smaller portion than regular size for the same item but since i do not eat a whole lot i find it to be enough . food is okay . price are reasonable.they have another option when you come at other time for a 2 party sharing meal which is listed on the menu . on this particular visit i noticed a young boy wa celebrating a birthday so a group of waiter came gave him a small dessert and sang to him . dessert are also reasonably priced but not overly big.i stop here when i want a change of pace and want to save a few dollar on a lunch .
pretty good performance by the applebee is in robinson a few day ago . we ordered our food after 10pm , so our appetizer wa half-off . we had the boneless bbq wing , a must-have ! my friend ordered the honey chicken macaroni , and he thought it wa marvelous . i had the stout sirloin with gravy , and i ordered it rare , but it came out medium . that is the only reason i gave this restaurant a 4/5 . if i am in the area , i will come back . the server wa attentive , the atmosphere wa good , and the food wa hot .
four cheese mac and chees with honey pepper chicken is bomb ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
off and on through out my life i have been crafty , like a fox mostly , but crafty . pat catan is is one of the few place that you can get almost , almost everything you need to make some pretty cool stuff . i usually leave missing something , like every time ( -1 ) . now if all i did wa stamping or collage , maybe they will have it . the other good thing is that on a saturday morning it is packed with girl , lady , woman , you know what i mean : d
my favorite craft-store.. good price and selection and the staff wellthey are always so helpful ! i just wish the paint supply were on sale more often .
pat catan is is an art and craft chain located in various part of the city . the reason for my visit wa to obtain a grave vase that fit in the ground and fill it with artificial flower . currently they have a special going on for memorial day arrangement but since my mother wa not a veteran i knew that would not be appropriate.the lady let me pick out the vase urn along with the styrofoam that will hold the arrangement . i wa able to find various spring flower reduced at half price which i thought would make a nice arrangement . she told me that they will make it for me if i would give them a couple of day . i wa okay with that since i wa not in any hurry . they also sell ribbon which either they or you if you have the skill can make into those giant bow that go around the base to make it look pretty.the store is very reasonably priced and good if you are into making your own craft . they did tell me that they make these grave vas all year so i can come back anytime to arrange for another spray to be made.this store is located at the entrance of mckees rock in the site of the former foodland . my daughter who had just graduated college with a degree in art found the store very interesting for some of the skill she us . they are also online if you want to look for sale .
this is another good giant eagle . i pretty much like them all . a wrong turn led u to this one a couple of week ago where we picked up some item . huge store a usual .
giant eagle is one of pittsburgh is more expensive grocery chain . i only shop here because it is convenient to where i live . often time when i am shopping for produce i find fruit that is overripe and sometimes find mold in them.the one i shop ha a small market district area and is easy to get around . they have a reward program which is called an advantage card where for every $ 50.00 spent you get $ .10 off your purchase at their gas station called getgo you can accrue reward but they expire after 2 month of non use.they have a floral section and is one of the few place i can find graveside flower arrangement for memorials.still expect to pay more if you shop here . selection at this particular location is average .
i used to like giant eagle until they decided to monopolize kennedy twp by cutting a deal with the local shop n save having them close their door it forced too many people to one store . they frequently run out of thing because of this . the place is crowded and never ha enough people working to support the busy holiday . soon it will be a bad a going to walmart i only shop here because of the location and fuel perk .
i went for my brother bachelor party and one of the dancer pick pocketed my brother ! we told the security guard which dancer did it and they threw u out of the club.we had been buying dance , drink & having a party , so watch your pocket and do not get too drunk . management there doe not care ! visit another club , this one is not it ! ! ! not a full bar , you pay $ 20 admission and $ 1 for a `` cup '' ... all you can drink.no food availablethat should say it all right there ... ..
wa there second time awesome time very beautiful woman great dancing fairly classy girl free drink an awesome bathroom attendent had a blast only one that i go to cheap dance
we decided on sapporo after reading so-so review on ichiban and benihana is . this wa a nice surprise . yes , it is not in the best looking area , and yes , the restaurant may not be a nice a a benihana . but the food wa quite good . we had our doubt at first . we went in the middle of a sunday afterfoon and the place wa empty . and service seemed to be a little disorganized and distracted . but once the chef came out and got to work , it wa great . the salad and soup were veyr good , the soup being a little more beefy in flavor than what we were used to . we then had the fried rice and got a huge portion . we needed a little more soy sauce that what the chef used , but he gladly provided more and the rice wa delicious . then we moved to the main entree . wife had the chateaubriand and i had the tenderloin and scallop . the meat , although cooked just a tad past medium , still melted in your mouth , and the scallop were absolutely the best i have ever had ! ! again , huge portion of meat and vegetable , plus a large portion of noodle . definitely a plateful.we did not get the requisite show you get at this kind of restaurant , but we have seen it so many time , it is kinda boring to me . instead , we had a nice conservsation with the chef about the pittsburgh area . all in all , this wa a very pleasant meal , and i will definitely go back .
i travel a lot and have eaten at a lot of hibachi restaurant . i happen to have a project in the pittsburgh area and wa looking for a hibachi place to take my co-worker . i read several review on other hibachi place and they all sound the same . the typical they are so busy the service suck and they rush you in and out to turn table quickly . i found sapporo and wa very pleased ! it is in an odd location but once you step inside , you feel the ambiance of cozy and family style . my party felt the staff wa very friendly.i had ordered the filet and shrimp with fried rice . the others in my group ordered chicken broccoli , and the sapporo deluxe which consists of lobster , filet and shrimp . we all got started with the soup and salad , which wa a pretty good size . i did not want to finish it all because i wanted to save room for dinner . our chef wa one of the most personable chef is i have encountered . he wa very talkative and really wanted to get to know u . my file wa delicious and the fried rice wa excellent . they make their fried rice from scratch . it is not prepared ahead of time like i see at most hibachi place . i can definitely tell the difference . my friend sam who ordered the chicken broccoli could not stop raving about the sauce that they used . it is unlike soy sauce or teriyaki sauce . we asked the chef about the sauce and sure enough it is one of a kind . dan , who ordered the sapporo deluxe wa very pleased with his meal and could not even finish it . actually we all needed to-go box . the portion amount here is incredible . you definitely get your money is worth here ! ! i would highly recommend this place to hibachi lover because this place is surely a secret in pittsburgh . i can not stress how different this place is compared to other hibachi place . i think this restaurant is family owned and not a chain which i can always appreciate . thank you sapporo for a great hibachi experience ! ! i will be back for sure ! anh
the food wa alright . not good . not bad . and considering the portion , the price were not bad either . the service , on the other hand , wa terrible . severely understaffed . three hour order to check . worst of all the chef put cooked lobster tail back into the raw shell to serve it . avoid at all cost .
sapporo is my favorite japanese restaurant , period . i have found other place that come close , but for me , this is the place i like to spend my money when it come to hibachi cuisine . sapporo is an unassuming place right next to steubenville pike is hottest tourist attraction , the pittsburgh motel . but do not let the location fool you . step inside and enjoy a cozy atmosphere . there is a bar at the front , some table to the right , and the main dining area to the left . there is also that karaoke machine i have never seen used in all the year i have gone here.unlike other japanese restaurant like saga ( great stuff ) and ichiban , the cook at sapporo are not all about giving an extensive show while cooking . each of the chef have a few of the basic crowd pleaser , such a the knife and spatula toss and the onion volcano , etc. , but really it is all about the food , which is fine by me . i do sometimes miss when the chef toss the piece of shrimp up in the air towards your mouth to catch , but only because no one ever like to participate in that but me and it is fun to look like a goofball while trying , but that is neither here nor there.the food here is excellent . they have introduced a new look to their menu recently . i do not know if they scaled it down , a i often always order from the same section . i did notice they have a couple of sushi option available . they used to have a full sushi bar , and you can still see that when you walk in , but i am not sure if they are using it for anything other than just what is on the main menu , which would be a shame if so , a their sushi wa always great and you could order it from a separate menu . again , this may be something they still have that i am not aware of.at any rate , the starter soup and salad is great . i love the bit of onion in the soup . it is a very strong broth , but not overpowering . the ginger dressing on the salad is something you either like or loathe at any japanese restaurant , and here i really love it , but i tend to like it everywhere i have had it , so i am not a real stickler when it come to that.usually i order the filet mignon and shrimp with fried rice for my main meal , though last time i got the deluxe version of the dish which also includes lobster tail and ice cream for dessert . either way , it is a great dish . i have also had the chicken and shrimp and have enjoyed it a well.now , my favorite thing here is the shrimp sauce . i call it the `` magic sauce . '' it is of the light pink variety and thin consistency . i am always disappointed when i go to other japanese steakhouse and they either do not have shrimp sauce altogether or they have the thicker , mayonnaise-based version , which is ok , but doe not come close to the awesomeness that is the magic sauce . apparently it is a secret a to just what go into it . on one visit our chef joked that it main base wa strawberry quik , which one of the fellow diner at my table believed.so if you get the fried rice here , dump some of the magic sauce on there . it is amazing . use it for your steak or chicken a well . i find myself doing that and then saving the darker sauce for my grilled veggie , which are also top notch here . terrific grilled onion and ripe zucchini a well a mushroom and broccoli . i do not care for broccoli personally , but the rest is excellent.sapporo ha also started throwing in noodle to the mix . according to the owner this is because other restaurant started doing it , so patron who came in started asking why sapporo did not have them a well . i think they were doing fine without them , a it just add even more to an already large amount of food , but they are good , if unnecessary.the steak here is great . i have had the sirloin a well a the filet . i always get mine cooked rare , and it is of the melt in your mouth caliber . the shrimp never taste fishy , and the lobster tail is similarly excellent . all around , you get a great meal here for the price.i am not sure which night are more crowded than not anymore . sapporo is a funny place in that some weeknight you will drive by and it is packed and then other night it will be quiet . i will suppose weekend draw the biggest crowd . yet even when it wa `` packed '' i have never had to wait long to be seated at a table.so if you have not been , give sapporo a try . it is been there forever . the owner and staff are super nice and they really do care about serving you great food when you visit . they do not do lunch anymore , so it is strictly dinner meal , so be looking at spending at least 20-30 dollar on up for adult , and around 10 or so for kid ' meal . it is not some place you would go frequently if you are on a budget , but that make it all the more a treat when you do go .
been to many hibachi , this one is very clean , the building is a little older but the family that run it doe a wonderful job . i came here and got the chicken . spot on , i loved the beef stew it came with- i always think the salad at hibachi are real alright- but the sushi wa delicious and the hibachi wa wonderful with delicious noodle , veggie , and rice- best i have had in a while because it ai not too salty- many time for me it is too extreme on the salt.free edamame with check in so that wa a plus . reasonably priced delicious japanese goodness- seemed like it also had good drinks.will return .
my boyfriend and i are practically hibachi connoisseur so when we visited pittsburgh for the weekend the first thing we yelp searched was.. you guessed it , hibachi ! sapporo wa highly rated so we went for dinner on a saturday night.the restaurant is located in front of a dimly lit motel but do not be discouraged by the facade because once you step inside the door the atmosphere is warm and inviting . we were greeted by the owner is daughter who sat u at an empty table while we waited for the other guest to join u . the owner is son brought u menu to look over and informed u that sapporo is a family-run establishment . the table quickly filled with regular who said that sapporo wa their favorite hibachi restaurant in pittsburgh , one couple even said that they come for dinner every single saturday evening . the owner himself came over to our table and began cooking our meal ! i ordered the hibachi chicken and broccoli in sapporo special sauce and my boyfriend ordered the hibachi shrimp and chicken , both with fried rice . both meal were good but the special sauce on my chicken wa absolutely delicious ! definitely one of the best hibachi chicken variation that i have tasted and my boyfriend really enjoyed how flavorful his shrimp tasted . the chef , a korean war veteran , wa engaging in our conversation and made you feel a if you were over a friend is house for dinner.we both agreed that we will definitely return to sapporo the next time that we are in pittsburgh .
great price , huge portion and friendly environment . great place !
best italian sausage in the burgh ! great to use for sandwich , spaghetti or grilling . they also have sandwich ( sausage , meatball ) to eat in or take out . stuffed banana pepper are out of the world . sausage is not greasy with natural casing . you may have seen ernie ricci on cooking with chris fennimore on qed . many restaurant in pittsburgh use ricci is sausage . some day you can watch them make the sausage thru a window .
i would have taken a picture of my meal but i devoured it too quickly.dj j . is correct . i heard about this place on pb ( what do pittsburgher is eat ) . they were giving their recipe for the sausage onion and pepper . we decided to try.they only have table where you can stand and eat . they make everything on the premise . we ate in . i ordered the hot italian sausage sandwich and some side meatball . the food wa awesome ! .i recommend you find this gem and get your italian fix on ( or order some of their meat / product and cook it yourself ) : )
i have been a fan of ricci italian sausage for a long a i can remember . my italian aunt - love ricci is too . the new location is now in kennedy township ... located conveniently in the kenmar plaza - next to subway . the robinson location is now closed . i am thrilled about the move it closer to my home . hot sausage , sweet sausage , meatball etc . there are frozen food item available too - pasta , sauce , meatball etc . there is also a shelf in the store stocked with sausage bun , sauce and other item . i often stop after work to grab dinner because they are open until 6:00 . special : pazzo monday : any sandwich or 1/2 sausage roll with a soft drink is $ 5.99 . tuesday/thursday : mac and cheese with ground hot sausage $ 2.75 per serving . friday : sherry pasta e'fagoli $ 3.75 per serving wednesday/saturday : ( my favorite special ) : homemade lasagna - made with homemade sauce , tallutos lasagna pasta , grande and lamagna cheese and ricci ground hot sausage $ 4.25 per serving . i must tell you that the lasagna is my favorite menu item at ricci and anytime i get it .. when i eat it.. i get into a `` zone '' . and i do not ever share.. yes it is that good.i love to make my own spaghetti sauce using ricci italian sausage . i have tried using other type of sausage - like giant eagle brand but you can always tell when it `` ricci is sausage '' because it is a good batch of sauce and everyone raf about it . mangia mangia
called for an arrangement for pickup , told the person who took my order that i would be able to pick the arrangement up at 5:30pm . she asked if i could get there any earlier , i said i would try my best , but i work until 5pm , so maybe not . she said ok. come to be 5pm and i get a call from a guy at the shop asking where i wa ! the lady who took my order wrote down that i will be there at 5pm . i explained that i never said that and picked the arrangement up a little before 5:30pm . arrangement wa just ok . i specifically wanted a lot of orange flower , which they did , but they added strange color with the orange ... and some of the flower were already a little wilted . even though the location is convenient , i will probably go elsewhere for a flower order next time .
i ordered my fiance a small , fall arrangement . it wa supposed to be full of gerber daisy , with each one costing around $ 3 . therefore , i wa told that for 7 gerber daisy , along with some other berry and filler flower , the total would come to around $ 23 . the arrangement showed up with two gerber daisy , pathetic looking filler , and they charged me $ 35 . i will not call here again .
i had a fantastic experience here . i got to the shop just before they weer about to close , but the owner wa very gracious about creating an arrangement for me . the flower were lovely . i would make a special trip just to purchase from this shop again .
the order process went well and the delivery arrived in a timely manner . i saw a picture of the flower my friend received and the arrangement wa not even close to what wa pictured on the website ... a lot more filler flower despite ordering the premium arrangement . i picked this place specifically because of what they offered despite other cheaper place in the area . i am disappointed because i wanted the best arrangement possible for my friend who is going through a tough time . i will not order from this place again .
i would give our experience zero star . possible negative star . it is valentine is day . an order wa placed week in advance for a delivery . my boyfriend went to the shop to ask where the delivery wa and the woman at the counter could not have cared le that he wa perturbed . weather condition are not ideal for delivery today but no attempt wa made to communicate that the delivery would be delayed . just a little `` hey , someone is sending you something special , we are doing the best we can '' . placate u ! i received a call at 5:30 saying i needed to be home to receive the delivery ! where is the surprise in that ? what if it is just a regular day and i am getting surprise flower , would i have to get them myself if i wa not home ? well , my flower are not being delivered today . my arrangement is sitting at the shop because i wa chosen to be the loser of `` who get their flower on time '' . the surprise of my arrangement wa also ruined by the shop when they said what it wa , how beautiful it wa and i will be very happy . well , we are not happy at all about the service . at all . do not know how this place is still in business with the awful customer service.edit : my flower were delivered at 1:05 on 2/15 after i told the shop they needed to be delivered by 1:00 . they were given a range of 9-1 . i wa offered a box of whitman is chocolate a an apology . really ? how about a refund . the arrangement my boyfriend selected is gorgeous but the flower are wilted and spotted already . i am pretty sure they ruined any future chance of me getting surprise delivery flower .
cyril did my sister is wedding and now is working on thing for my brother is wedding . he is wonderful to work with . helpful in every way . my sister is flower were stunning .
i have received 2 beautiful bouquet from here recently a a gift from my boyfriend . both of them were gorgeous and lasted a long time !
we ordered our wedding flower from esser is and they turned out to be absolutely beautiful . after a negative experience with another florist , esser is did exactly what i asked and everything wa lovely . we also thought the price wa very fair . 100 % recommended !
frankfurter ha only been open a few week , but it already ha the feel of a hangout , the staff is welcoming and friendly - you will find yourself chatting with other diner before you know it . the menu is simple and it is clear they care about flavor - you will get asked whether you want your bun toasted , which to me is the key to a good sandwich anywhere . we had the chicago-style ( ton of veggie and pepper , `` dragged through the garden '' ) , and the chef with kraut and mustard , along with a small order or fry , definitely large enough for two people . the fry had some skin on , which i really liked . part of me wished the dog were bigger , but the price are so good you should just order two if you are hungry . i will be back !
owner is very friendly . hotdog / french fry were very good . nice & quiet shop on lincoln ave .
killer food ( the danger dog is like whoa ) and super-friendly service make this my favorite lunch spot in the area . i can not stress enough the degree to which the food is reasonably priced and well-prepared .
ordered delivery when staying at the sheraton station square . it wa not super fast but wa not unreasonable ( 45mins ) and the pizza wa so good that i ended up eating way more than i intended . not too greesey with a nice balance of cheese , sauce , dough , and topping .
they do not deliver to me anymore , moved to lawrenceville . however , their pizza is good , not too greasy , not too dry . nice balance with the sauce cheese and topping . they have awesome house roll , i am partial to the spinache and feta house roll . they are so delicious . pretty cheap . the delivery time is kind of long , but they are open late , and i love that .
meh . i have ordered from here twice and not really been enthusiastic about the result either time . keep in mind that i have not had pizza from this place yet ! their steak hoagie is middling-good ; nothing to write home about , but a pretty good example of the standard pittsburgh pizza place steak hoagie.the seafood calzone is another story . something in it wa so bitter i could not quite eat it ; i am wondering if it wa the garlic or perhaps a leftover burnt taste from the oven . whatever it wa , it wa gross . the shrimp were not that good either , suffering a they did from that certain `` i taste like iodine '' flavor.the advantage to r & b is that they are open reasonably late , given the location , but the phone service is rather surly and it always take them an hour plus to deliver . which would be ok if i did not live a block away ( normally i will just walk and pick it up , but just for you , yelpers , i subject myself to the vagary of sitting on my rear end on the couch waiting for my food to arrive ) .
the pizza here is great . i always pick up a pizza when i am near bellevue . i have only ever eaten their pizza .
r & b is very consistent with their food.quality pizza and hoagy , buffalo chicken pizza and hoagie are both really good.i recommend .
i stopped by here two night ago a part of a night where i would try three different pizza in the bellevue/avalon area . i called my order in for an xl pizza ahead of time and wa told that i would have a 15 minute wait until it wa ready . since i only had a general idea of where it wa located i ended up parking near it trying to locate it and then driving past it before finally locating it in a small strip mall right next to lincoln ave . there is not too much to say about the inside of this pizza place except that they have a counter up front with a little bit of room to wait and no customer seating , not that this is a bad thing.pizzas in general can be broken down into three separate component : cheese , crust and sauce . this pizza actually had the least amount of cheese on it of all of the pizza that we tried but ended up being my favorite which would be surprsing if you know me . the cheese wa not that strong in flavor but the amount of it let it pair perfectly with the sauce which had a nice spice profile ( strong on the garlic and maybe some oregano ? ) coming through it . the crust on this pizza wa the thinnest of the bunch that we tried and wa cooked nicely which also had a little crisp which i loved . the bottom line for me is that i would head back to r & b is again in the future for pizza . it wa easily the most expensive of the bunch that i bought last night at $ 12.79 after tax for an xl but a the old adage go `` you get what you pay for '' and if you like garlic then you should like this pizza .
my fiancée and i have made r & b is our friday night dinner tradition for over a year . the food is consistently amazing , and portion are huge . whether you choose to pick up or have it delivered , it is always le then 30 minute - and can we take a second to acknowledge the staff ? always exceedingly friendly , and happy to accommodate any special request . sadly , we are moving out of the area in two week , so we will not be able to continue our tradition . but if you have not given them a try , do it ! ( might i suggest the buffalo chicken sub and the cheese and bacon fry ? epic ! )
great pizza , wing and salad . have not tried much else . we love their r & b special pizza . they have special on combo ( two pizza , pizza and wing , etc ) . they are pretty quick and have always gotten our order correct .
get the white pizza with bacon . you are life will never be the same . never had a bad experience ordering from r & b is .
the food wa ok nothing to rave about but nothing to be to dissapointed about either . i ordered a sandwich with extra meat and wa highly dissapointed . i called in to try and get it corrected the guy pretty much brushed me off telling me that is how the do it . i will let you be the judge by the pic . well after telling him that i wa going to give negative review , he said i wa threating him and for me to write my review and hung on me . i waited a few minute let thing simmer down called back and he did send over a free sandwich which wa nice , just wish he could have done that from the start . overall it is decent late night food at a reasonable price , but honestly there is better option during normal operating hour .
the food here is pretty good which is disappointing because the service is terrible . about 50 % of the time we have ordered from here they somehow managed to screw up the food.. tonight they screwed up 2 of the 4 item we ordered ! i dont know if the person taking the order ha hearing problem or is just being very careless but either way it very irritating getting food i didnt order.. even if it still good food ...
my boyfriend and i ordered the r & b is special pie ( no bacon ) last night and the greek salad ( added artichoke ) . so good ! the pizza wa one of the best i have had in a long time , and i eat a lot of pizza ! the salad wa huge and fed u both easily . it certainly wa not a cheap a domino , but the quality wa great and so delicious . i would give r & b at least $ $ when it come to price , but if you are willing to pay the extra money for good quality , then i highly recommend this pizza joint .
these guy make excellent hoagy . we especially like the supreme italian and the turkey . try their pizza , excellent . do not add too many topping , you will disguise the great taste of the sauce and the dough . i suggest either plain or pepperoni .
pretty good pizza , awesome wing and okay price . this is one of the better pizza place around here . i will be ordering again from this place . must try around the northside area .
this ha been a favorite for year . quality ingredient and decent price . portion size are above average a well . i love the greek pizza , but have not ever been disappointed with anything i have ordered .
i order from here every week . i have tried all the place near here for delivery , but this is easily my favorite . fast delivery and good food .
this place is great for traditional pizza , apps , sub and wing . we always get a classic cheese which is always piping hot and cheesy . to feed our cheese fix even more we order the garlic cheesy bread . just make sure to ask for extra cheese on it if you want the whole thing covered . love our local pizza joint !
lot of memory from this place for me . their pizza may not be the best in the world but boy doe it take me back to the 80's-90 is and growing up in pittsburgh.i am slightly disappointed that they moved to a new location in bellevue . their old one , while a bit dirty and run down , had quite the charm to it . the new place look too clean cut and it seems like they are trying to be something they are not , which is just a good old fashioned pizza joint .
excellent pizza - although the mushroom were from a can . but the crust , sauce and rest of topping on the sicilian pizza were delicious . nice family friendly
a great little place . delicious and affordable italian food . great salad and pasta . try the pizza roll !
service wa very good..calzone wa excellent .
best pizza in the north boros . i can not make a trip to the area without stopping at luigi is . when i wa a kid , the man himself actually owned the place and made the pizza , but they have since moved to a new location under new ownership ... but the pizza is still just a good . i prefer the thin-crust , but the sicilian is also excellent . the fried zucchini is a favorite and the mozzarella stick are great , too . the calzones are tasty , but may cause a coronary -- if you expect more than a handful of spinach among cheese in the spinach calzone , you will be disappointed . because it is pittsburgh , the chicken salad come with french fry . i tend to opt for take-out , but there is also a mid-sized dining section .
best all-meat pizza in the area . always done delivery , never eaten in the restaurant , so i can not speak to the dining experience .
i have been eating at luigi is since before birth ( my mom love this stuff ) . the new location is nice , but i miss the coziness of the old place . the food ha been consistent through the transition , which happened a long while ago by the way . also , i have read a few other review that said luigi is ha left but i talk with him every time i am in . regardless this is a great family owned pizzeria and i recommend the calzone because it is generously stuffed with ricotta : ) .
i stopped by here this past tuesday in order to pick up a to go pizza . my fiance , a friend and i were trying pizza from three different place and luigi is wa one of them . i have driven by luigi is many time before and for some reason had never stopped in but that did allow it to come to mind whenever i wa looking for a pizza place i had not yet tried in the bellevue area . whenever i called to place my order i wa told that my pizza would be ready in about 15 minute . i arrived closer to 30 minute later and wa immediately confused whenever i walked into the restaurant . you see there wa a large dining room on the left that wa full of people and i did not immediately see the are where i would get my pizza from . finally after a few step into the restaurant i noticed that the whole back area of the restaurant wa where i needed to be and i made my way back there . my pizza wa ready for me and i quickly paid and wa leaving whenever the cashier told me `` stay out of trouble '' . i really hope that wa a friendly sentiment and not one that wa based upon my appearance or anything else . the pizza itself had a medium thick crust with a bland sauce which is weird since i could see a ton of green herb in it . the cheese wa just ok and nothing special while the pizza itself had a slightly sour taste to it which i did not enjoy . out of the three different pizza we ate that night this one wa overwhelmingly our least favorite which wa evidenced by the fact that 3/4 of it wa left after the evening.the bottom line for me is that i will probably not head back to luigi is in the future . i just do not see myself making a trip to luigi is between the weird experience ( although not bad ) that i had in the restaurant and the fact that there are much better pizza place nearby .
luigi is pizza is amazing ! the sicilian pizza take me back to how my grandma used to make homemade pizza . i can not wait to go back - definitely worth the 45-minute trip there : )
recently i have found myself patronizing bellevue a little more , namely because i have bought a house in the area , and have been checking out some of the mom and pop along the little strip of mayberry rfd that is the quaint main street . luigi is is one of those little mom and pop that offer standard basic italian in a comfortable setting . it is a little kitchy , red-white-and-green , with dino and frankie tune playing in the background.i have stopped in on several occasion now for dinner , with various friend , and the food ha been consistent ... it is good ... satisfying . not over-the-top gourmet , or even in the remotest sense 'pretentious ' . it is just a good ol ' night out for some pasta or lasagna , with a side salad , garlic bread and conversation with your pals.the portion are ample , the price are reasonable , the flavor will not knock your sock off and make you think you have died and gone to sicily , but they will not make you cringe at having given your money to a profiteering chef boyardee either . the service is decent , kind of point blank , not rude , nor over the top friendly . the crowd can fluctuate between 'oh my god , i am surrounded by hillbilly ' to 'the local gathering at mayberry ' , but that seems to be the norm for most place in da burgh.i have not had the pizza , which apparently get raf , because frankly i only think of pizza a coming in a box to my front door when i am too lazy to do any cooking at home . but i have had three or four of the pasta dish , and they come in a generous portion , with a side salad and an order of garlic toast . they taste fine , fill you up , and do not break your bank.and for a local neighborhood joint , that is exactly what i will hope for . a place you can go to find a dependable and reasonable meal , on a semi-regular basis , in a comfortable setting , with no frill or pretense . and that is exactly what luigi is is .
luigis is the best of the best . awesome , authentic pepperoni . i have eaten here for year . this place is a tradition in my family and it is still a good a they were 15 year ago . they recently remodeled and have a great menu selection . by far the best pizza in bellevue and right up there with fioris a the best in pittsburgh .
just ordered delivery from here . the soup wa very good . i also would recommend the specialty salad . i also wa surprised at how quickly the order wa delivered . it wa delivered within a 1/2 an hour .
my wife and i love this place . decently affordable , our server is always great and very friendly , the food is delicious and it is a nice home-y atmosphere . the first time we went here , we told the server we were newlywed and luigi made u tiramisu and gave it to u for free ! highly recommend .
this place ha great tasting food . i had a italian hoagie and it wa great . the pizza is top notch .
the pizza wa ok . it is been the best my husband and i have had in this area . they seem to be the most `` authentic '' compared to other pizza delivery shop in this area .
i wa one of their first customer starting at the old location . i live further away now , but will stop anytime i am near a they quite simply have the best pizza period of anywhere i have been . i have referred many friend and family and they all say the same . the owner and staff are very friendly and caring people and treat you like family . the other food is good too , especially the wedding soup , although 95 % of the time we get the great pizza . the dough , sauce and cheese are second to none .
luigi is is everything i expected it to be . a decent place to order an authentic looking and tasting pizza . i usually prefer new york style and luigi is offer it by the slice . i also ordered lasagna off of their daily lunch menu . i think there are at least 6 regularly featured menu item to choose from and a drink is included . luigi is ha a large dining area or customer can walk up to the take out counter if they choose .
this is a great spot in bellevue for a quick and decent bite to eat . it is extremely difficult to find good pizza in bellevue , so luigi is is my go-to if i am in the market for a sit-down pizza . i have never ordered pizza for delivery from them - for that , i go to mandy is in west view . will definitely eat there again while i live in the borough .
i stop by here frequently when i am on my way to work for breakfast . the drive thru is fast but they do tend to get the order wrong . but i will say that i have had more free meal here due to them comping me for all messed up order . the staff is friendly .
this is the mcdonald is to end all mcdonald is , in my book . here is why : ~ the drive-thru is crazy fast.~ there are 2 drive-thru lane to keep it crazy fast.~ even when they have to make my dog is special no-onion cheeseburger , they are crazy fast.~ for year , they gave my family is dog jamie free baby ice cream cone . jamie did not need many moment of excitement to be happy , but 'go for ride ' wa one of them , and 'ice cream time ' wa another.~ the drive-thru staff is so sweet to my little pup lucy when i take her to 'cheeseburger window'.so , i guess what i am saying is , this is the best mcdonald is for dog and their parent . and a someone who generally only visit mcdonald is to reward my dog for good behavior after a vet visit , this mcdonald is is just right .
my order have come out bad pretty much every time i have ordered from here . the chicken nugget come out under par . i am lucky if the fry come out right . my last experience is the last straw . i recently posted a photo of my chicken ranch club . that ha no chicken . this is ridiculous . i am done going to this mcd is .
this is the place that is close to my house so i go here all the time.they are usually pretty good and they definitely got better.the order come out pretty fast and the employer are nice
great convenient drive thru stop for coffee . double ordering station minimize the wait time for your order . service is always pleasant and reliable . i noticed that the dining room look spacious and they have an indoor play area for child .
delivery is slow and not even close to the best chinese in the area . no matter if it is rice or noodle or chicken or pork , everything taste off -- like it is been overcooked in mop-bucket-water . try house of lee instead .
for what it is and where it is . not bad at all . good wonton . and the spicy is actually spicy . i would go back again
whether you live in ben avon height , brighton height - or anywhere in between - i urge you to try china sea . it is quite simply the best local chinese delivery . the people on the phone are helpful and friendly . the delivery is always quoted at 45 minute , yet the food always arrives earlier and is always unbelievably hot and fresh . some favorite of ours are the kung pao shrimp , pork lo mein and hot and sour soup . i do not mean to compare china sea to the higher end chinese restaurant in our area . it is not sesame inn or china palace ; it is not a `` date night out '' sort of place . it most definitely is a cozy , inexpensive , good quality `` stay in and relax '' go to . hope this help ! enjoy ! psa few final thought while we were going back for second ; they only use all white meat chicken in their dishes.ppsalways look at their online coupon , you will get something free !
for your run-of-the-mill chinese place , china sea doe pretty well for itself . the food is good , and the people are very nice . the price are reasonable , and i like that if you order over a certain amount , you can get something free with a coupon ( listed on their site ) . they always say 45 min for delivery , but i have never had to wait more than 25-30 min .
wow . what a shame . my family just moved to the area and have been sampling the local cuisine . we are a very large family and love food of all kind . we have eaten chinese food from a hundred different place in a dozen different city . hand down , this wa the worst we have ever had . cold , tough , congealed , and tasteless - that is the only way to describe it . i will never order from here again . quite frankly , the fact that i took time away from my kid to type this out should tell you how awful it wa . my complaint fell on deaf ear . i guess they were shocked that someone thought that they were serving low grade dog food . i understand that sometimes restaurant crank out bad food . it happens . but when it doe , you bend over backwards to make it right . not at this place . i wa told that he would have to speak with the owner in order to help me . i guess that is how they deflect complaint - blame it on the owner that are not there and make the customer for away angry . too bad . because we will be visiting a competitor in the future . this family of 7 will not be visiting china sea ever again . oh , and by the way , why can not i give this place zero star ?
the pro : you get a ton of food for your money . if the food wa actually decent , this would have been even better because ... leftover . they have coupon on their website that you can use whenever . the con : the woman who answer the phone is kinda rude . you try to ask her question and she get an attitude with you like you are wasting her time . my pork dumpling were `` fried '' only on one side and were raw in the middle . everything wa pretty darn salty . yeah , i get it . chinese food tends to be a little salty , but this wa unacceptably salty . leftover ... yes this is also a con because i threw it away . suffering through it once wa enough ! if you are craving something made fresh that is spicy and sweet , you are not going to find it here . just very greasy , very salty , poor excuse for chinese takeout .
we ordered from here because uncle chen , our go-to takeout place down the road , wa closed . i ordered the general tso tofu , a favorite dish of mine , and hubby ordered the beef mei fun noodle . we always grab some egg roll too . the lady on the phone wa not rude , per se , but she wa not exactly helpful or answering any of my question , either ( hubby wanted to see about getting a different sauce on his noodle , and i had to ask a few time before she finally answered my question about how large the tofu dish wa ) . i wa in a good mood though , so the attitude over the phone did not bother me . price wa good , typical takeout rate . the good news is that they will allow you to pay with credit card over the phone , so if you are like me and never carry cash , you can still get delivery . she told me 45 minute for the food.the food arrived in about 20 minute ( we live half a mile away ) , it wa hot and smelled great . hubby is mei fun looked typical , but he wa saddened to see that they did not exchange the white sauce for brown sauce . the beef wa pretty mushy , and did not taste all that great . the veggie were fresh , and pretty crispy even after soaking in sauce . noodle were alright , nothing to write home about . my general tso tofu wa delicious , and tasted exactly like the dish i wa craving . fried to perfection , perfect-sized piece of tofu , and a fantastic sauce . the broccoli wa fresh and tasted good . this particular dish only came in one size : enormous . i think hubby and i just ended up sharing my meal , paired with some mediocre egg rolls.so , long story short , lady on the phone wa a bit irritating , delivery wa fast , food wa fresh , and , depending on what you order , the food quality range from so-so to great . if you are looking for a quick fix to your chinese food craving , this is a good place to order from , although i will be going back to uncle chen before i try china sea again .
i just moved into my new apartment in the area and called for a take out order . the place had received good review so i thought `` why not ? '' i wa hung up on twice before i could even get my order out . we were finally able to place an order and told 5-10 minute . we live 15 minute from this restaurant and we left immediately after placing the order . ten minute later , my phone ring and it is the man who took our order telling me that he wa closed and would not wait for u to get there to pick up our food because he had told u 5-10 minute . if you are going to order from here , please make sure you stick to their timeline . and if you do go to pick it up and make it there in time , it is very hard to find .
i love china sea we order a lot love their sweet and sour chicen and their general tso chicken they will mke it to your want i cant eat spicy food but my son love it so they will adjust it to your liking eggroll are good woman that anwered the phone wa very nice my food always arrives hot love you china sea !
in regard to chinese delivery , china sea is the best option around . we have yet to have a bad experience with them . the food is pretty good , and much better than house of lee ! my husband love china sea , whereas i would rather order pizza : )
the shrimp fried rice wa orange and only had some onion piece in it and some carrot and pea that were burnt in it . there were no egg or sprout or anything i would expect in fried rice and there wa a random piece of pork in it so i threw it out . my shrimp egg roll wa good though . it had large deveined shrimp and i wa happy about that . that is why i gave it two star instead of one .
if you have any common sense at all , please do not stay here . once , it almost burnt down ... and i am pretty sure most of the local were chanting `` burn , baby , burn . ''
horrifying . this place should be ashamed of itself . do not stay here . beyond dirty , just absolutely rank .
came back to pittsburgh for a wedding and could not find anything in my price range close to the city until i found this motel ... it wa very affordable ... .room wa okay ... cable tv and a/c worked fine ... .
omg who wrote the review below ? a big fat liar/someone that wa paid to write that ! i stayed there for an hour this past weekend ( my friend and i were both intoxicated and figured laying down a few hour would get u better suited to finish driving home ) . this place look like it hasb't been cleaned ( or furnished ) since the 80 . literally there wa grime on the wall , and squashed , unwiped bug smear too . ok , so not the best , but for two hour , we could deal . we looked for bed bug , and did not see any immediate sign of them- so we laid down to rest . after about 20-30 minute , we both started itching like crazy . i ran to the bathroom mirror ( there wa mold all over the bathroom ) and saw bed bug bite all on my shoulder , arm , and leg . horrible ! ! please health department , shut them down ! it is deplorable in there ! !
i can not even rate this place ! it absolutely disgusting ! i begged the health department to shut them down ! i wa forced to stay a night here and it wa so disgusting ! i woke up with bed bug bite all over my body ! just filthy ! do not stay here !
this motel is so ghetto , even the bedbug carry gun . do not stay here unless you are looking to indulge your sense of urban adventure . fact : this motel ha an hourly rate . think of that what you will . the only good thing i can say about the avalon motel is , no one ha gotten murdered here ... recently .
got bit up . bed bug would not believe me i had to show my bite mark .. even then refused to acknowledge me
i wa in need of a pedicure before my beach vacation , so i decided to stop in to star nail in bellevue . i have never had a pedicure before , mostly because i am super-ticklish , but i felt like it wa about time.the salon look quite nice inside ; wood ( well , laminate ) floor , clean decor , and four pedicure chair up on the platform on the right . i did not have an appointment , and waited about ten minute on a wednesday evening.nancy wa my nail technician , and she greeted me warmly and helped me over into the pedicure area . pro tip : do not wear a past-knee-length skirt , a it can make straddling the foot bath to get into the chair slightly awkward . nancy helped me out like a pro and i wa all set.the pedicure chair have a massage feature that reminded me of the migun massage table . they do not just vibrate ; they knead . the controller is right next to you , so you can stop and start a you like . i just made sure the thing kept running the whole time . the foot bath wa nice and warm . i will brought a book to keep myself busy but turn out all my attention wa occupied by relaxing.nancy guided me through the step and the slight language barrier is not much of a problem . she completely understood that i wa super-ticklish from the flinching involved , and somehow managed to be very careful about it . it wa not at all unpleasant , which is what i will kind of expected.this is the awful tmi section , so avert your ayes if you are at all sensitive . since i have never had a pedicure and i tend to walk around either barefoot or in thin-soled shoe , i had quite a lot of callus built up . the removal wa kind of disgusting , so i just did not look , but it did not hurt at all . i also tend to ingrown toenail on both big toe , and she dealt with them gently and quickly . i wa a bit concerned about having that done at a salon , but it is a week later and my toe have not turned gangrene , so all is well that end well.end tmieven though it wa not the spa pedicure ( not sure what else that involves ) , i got a full foot and calf massage . polish on and all done ! at which point i thought i might a well get a manicure , too.the manicure involved heated mitt and a hand massage , and wa very nice . total cost wa $ 37 plus tip ( i gave her $ 10 for having to deal with my nasty foot ) . i had some fun conversation with other patron , and overall a great experience . i will go back once a day if it were in any way reasonable to do so , but this is getting placed on the once-a-month schedule for sure.the polish from the pedicure is still holding up like a champ after a week . the manicure wa pretty well shot after a couple of day , so i will probably just stick with doing the polish at home , although i can not complain about the massage and cuticle care.again , i do not have other salon or spa to compare with , but it seemed like a good , basic service with a few little extra . the staff were all friendly and remembered the repeat customer who came in . they do take credit card , and you can put the tip on the card a well ; i brought cash for that a i am not used to salon taking tip on cards.they also offer acrylic ( which i do not do ) , gel nail ( which i will like to try ) , and nail art . i am not sure if they do waxing . i am sure that it is a friendly place , that it is clean ( important ! ) , and that they made me feel relaxed even though i wa beyond nervous going in .
fair price but good quality ... and amazing design that are custom made ... . plus gel and solar nail are available for those interested ... offer waxing service ... completely renovated and the spa pedicure chair is amazing ...
my mom wa up from mississippi for thanksgiving , and claimed to be in dire need of a manicure . i wanted to try somewhere in my new 'hood ( brighton height ) , so i turned to trusty yelp for advice . off to star nail we went . the inside wa bright and tidy , the pedicure station looked clean and newer , and the lady were friendly . unfortunately , the good feeling did not last long . we each picked a color , and went to our respective technician . the technician doing my nail a very nice and talkative , but just very inattentive to detail . i got no hand/arm massage , minimal shaping , and the polish application wa exceptionally sloppy and thick . her attempt to clean up the polish all over my cuticle were futile . their actual technique wa strange too , a both technician had u dry our nail after the first coat wa applied . my mom and i left and almost in unison declared it to be the worst manicure we have gotten . at least the price wa not exorbitant ( $ 13 + tip each ) . perhaps their other service are better , but i will be giving the other nail shop in the area a chance next time .
i got a pedicure here . not bad , they were pretty thorough . but two day later both of my big toe were infected and oozing pu where she trimmed my toenail on the side ( which wa weird anyway ) . i hate to rate a local shop down , but man my toe hurt .
i just had a basic pedicure at star nail in bellevue this afternoon and it wa horrible . i wa rushed out and my polish wa not even hard yet . the woman insisted on putting my sandal on for me and ruined one big toe . she did the nail over again while stooping by the dryer and wa going to leave the gouged polish underneath her repair . i said i wanted it fixed . she did , but there is polish stain all around my nail and the polish itself is rough . when i got home , i noticed that all of my toenail are rough a if it is cheap polish , even though it wa opi . the person next to me got a leg massage and much better service for the same price pedicure . at $ 27 , this wa more than other place i have been to and absolutely unacceptable . while the place itself looked clean , the stylist is rolling cart wa not . if i could give negative star , i would .
i went get because i am looking for a reasonable place to get my nail done . a co-worker suggested star nail and gave me a small coupon . i made an appointment since it is close to a holiday . lisa wa very lovely and wa eager to keep a conversation going . my nail look ok , a little sloppy for my usual gel , but my toe look amazing . i am unsure if i will return ... someone mentioned that i should see simon , but we will see .
so , i had my nail done on thurs and sat afternoon my index finger chipped . i have been off work and not doing anything strenuous . i am very disappointed with my experience and i do not think i will be returning .
simon doe my nail and he doe it perfect every time . not very expensive and treat his customer really well.happy me ! !
a with all of the fast food restaurant in this area of ohio river blvd. , this place is dumpy and dirty . the staff is also poorly supervised , and i have been privvy to more store gossip , drama , and horseplay than i have ever experienced in any restaurant , fast food or otherwise . they get so loud back in the kitchen that we will often stop our conversation in the dinning room to wait for them to quiet down a bit before we continue . the food itself is generally passable .
we stopped through the drive -thru last night after helping my sister move . it wa midnight and thankfully something wa open . i ordered nugget fry and a frosty . my sister ordered the same and bobby ordered two jr. bacon cheeseburger . well only one burger wa in the bag ( we found out halfway down the road ) bobby said the other burger wa dry and they forgot the mayo , & my sister fry had no salt on them lso she says.. mine were fine but i kept that to myself to avoid her eating some of mine . typical older sibling . ) anyways i do not normally review fast food that i have had bad experience at bc it happens often , but totally forgetting a burger is not cool..
terrible ! no one expects fast food to be gourmet , but this experience would make corporate cry ! ordered food for 2 adult ( full meal ) and for one child and wa charged for 2 more adult meal , i asked why the amount wa so high and the employee said nothing to me , looked the other way and yelled for a manager . still feeling over charged but not wanting to agitate the situation any further we left with 1 le drink then we ordered , cold food and a soda water instead of sprite because no one changed the syrup . never again .
we keep expecting their food to be better than the last time . i have had enough . ordered two spicy chicken combo yesterday at around 5 o'clock . you will think the food would be fresh during the dinner-time rush . well , you will be wrong . the sandwich and fry were all lukewarm , and both chicken filet were so dry and tough that they must have been sitting under a heat lamp for hour . we ordered an unsweetened iced tea and a sprite with no ice . received an unsweetened tea with no ice and a cup of ice with some sprite in it.we have previously been treated rudely for having the gall to use the drive thru 20 minute before closing time . i am trying to remember if we have ever been served a satisfactory meal there , but i am having trouble coming up with a single example . i can only assume that the manager is never there or is so incompetent a to defy belief . this location coast by solely on the reputation of other wendy is . do yourself a favor . go to burger king or mcdonald is down the road , or hike up to the wendy is at west view park .
worst fast food i have ever been to . a couple year ago , this wa a nice place . it took a long time for someone to answer the drive thru and then the guy working the drive thru wa very hard to understand like he had food in his mouth and basically clueless . once our order wa finally understood , it then took a very long time to get our food . i thought we were overcharged , but rather than deal with the clueless gentleman i decided to just move on .
small vet clinic just off of rt . 65 in avalon offer friendly service and extremely reasonable price . with the frequent visit for vaccination that a puppy ha to have , it is hard to find a place that will not break the bank while providing proper care for your dog . dr . bigger ha been great and i would certainly recommend avalon vet to any local pet lover .
they kept trying to staple my poor dog infected wound . after taking her to another vet , i wa educated about wound care . after she wa treated properly , she healed quickly .
for over 20 year the avalon veterinary hospital staff ha treated my pet : cat , rabbit , fish , and a turtle . the price are very reasonable , and i have never been charged for follow-ups.dr . fitzgerald provided an affordable diabetes treatment plan for my cat to prolong his life ; the prognosis went from a few month to three healthy year . when my cat suddenly had kidney failure from diabetic shock , i wa only charged for the treatment -- not the emergency appointment fee . the staff wa extremely considerate when my cat passed -- some who knew him were even crying.my other cat gained a reputation a a menace . but the staff never complained -- not even when she required four people to hold her down just to get her shots.when i wa sold a diseased turtle a a child , dr. moore wa very kind and did not charge for the visit nor the medication . he recognized my interest in science and patiently answered all of my 11-year-old question . he even showed me how he made slide and how his microscope worked . ( i later studied biology and worked a a lab tech , so thanks . ) dr. moore also took exemplary care of our rabbit , who all lived unusually long lives.on a practical note , they require all animal to be in a cage or on a leash . i once had a well-behaved cat , who wa too sick to chase the dog , wrapped in a blanket since his collar would have been over an open wound ... but they generally enforce the cage/leash policy for the safety of all animal . there is a small parking lot next to the clinic or you can usually park pretty easily on the cross-street .
i have had great experience at the avalon veterinary hospital . we have taken our dog there for routine thing ( shot , ear care ) , and also for a mystery sickness which the vet wa very involved with diagnosing and treating ( she actually called to check up on him personally ) . the staff remembered him and loved seeing him visit . i have recently taken my cat here , who ha a growth on his arm . he ha to have it removed , which dr . bigger explained can be done there and quoted me an extremely reasonable price . i am so pleased with the service my pet have gotten at the avalon vet i would not think of going elsewhere . the staff and the vet are all extremely friendly and knowledgable . the only thing keeping it from 5 star is that it location is pretty small , and the exam room are only divided by curtain ( no door ) . sometimes my cat get pretty stressed if a dog is in the room next to him .
where to begin . i guess i will start with me taking my last cat there about two year ago because i wa worried he wa sick . he cried constantly when i left his sight . i assumed he wa trying to tell me something so i brought him to avh where he had been seen before . the vet simply wrote `` meow too much on '' on the chart and prescribed valium . hoping to get a different vet next time i took my other cat there . everyone is always very kind and loving to him , but it always take the vet at least 40 minute past the appointment time to see him . not to mention , they are always so overbooked that i am forced to sit in the waiting area with at least 4 barking dog at once . their owner try to calm them , but my cat shudder and shake in his cage and i am unable to hold him and comfort him . you try holding a scared cat in a room full of dog . i will not be returning to avh .
if i could give dr . bigger 10 star i would ! he make that hospital . if this review wa on dr. moore i would give it a minus 10 ... .he is terribly rude . i am moving back to sewickley and will plan to use dr . bigger for sure . he is the best vet i have ever experienced ... so detailed , so caring..i just love him and so do my animal ...
do not take your pet here ! if you are new do not bother establishing a relationship . if you have been there in the past , be warned , it is under new ownership and all of the doctor and vet tech that have been there for decade are gone . price have increased dramatically with the new owner . my pet is annual visit wa over well $ 100 . outside of annual exam office visit are more than $ 50 and that doe not include anything they may do ( shot , test , blood work ) and exclusive of the hazardous waste disposal charge . also , they quit carrying a lot of medicine and client are now forced to use a mail order pharmacy . i wa a loyal client to avalon vet for my whole life , but the change i have seen in the past year are absurd . price increased , camera everywhere , hiring vet that have decade of bad reputation around this area . not to mention i had to argue with the manager to get a copy of my pet is record . the last thing the establishment , under the new owner , care about are their client is pets.also , do not take their facebook page seriously . they censor it , removing anything the slightest bit negative , to paint a completely different picture than what they are .
my puppy wa admitted here 6 day ago . in very poor shape . i wa scared he wa not going to make it . and being it wa my 4 yr old new dog made thing a bit harder on u . they called 2-3 day a day with update and did everything they could to help renegade and to also make me feel better . 6 day later my puppy came home and is still in recovery . but doing alot better.i can not thank there entire staff enough for saving my dog. ! ! will continue to take my dog there and recommend them to everyone i know ! special thanks to dr v and lenny !
the only vet i will use from now on ! the staff is amazing ! from the receptionist to the vet . it really doe take a team to provide great service . i wa bringing my cat in a a new patient with concern about his back leg . they fit me in the next day ! i called them at 4:30 pm on monday and they had me in tuesday at 5:30 ! this alone wa amazing on account that the vet i use to take him to never returned my call . the vet ( kouch i maybe spelling that wrong ) wa so patient with my not so happy cat . she diagnosed the issue . it wa his poor back . they filled a prescription , updated his shot , and did not run any test that were not necessary . i want to trust the vet to provide the care that my animal need , not run me through the ringer . i will do anything for my cat . for them to be honest about what is necessary and what is not put my mind at ease that he wa getting the treatment he needed and no unnecessary test that would only stress him out . great job ! hopefully we will be back for just shot but if anything else doe come up you will be seeing me and tyty again .
i have been taking my dog and cat here for year and i keep coming back . just in there last night for a late evening appointment and the doc and the technician were both very helpful in walking me through some treatment option and also in recommending , based on my dog is age , which treatment were worth doing and , more importantly , which one probably weren't.very happy with the service at the avalon veterinary hospital .
they do not care about animal . i had been taking bothof my dog there for 4 year for regular veterinary care . my youngest dog came down with stomach cancer while i wa unemployed , she needed to be euthanized and i made an appointment , put my poor bloated sick dog into the car and took her for her final visit . they demanded i pay up front before she wa even seen by a vet and i asked for billing , having been a years-long patient who ha always paid i did not think it would be an issue , especially considering the pain my dog wa in . they refused to do the euthanization and would rather leave a sick animal ( year long animal patient of theirs ! ) in pain and suffering than to do the courtesy of sending a bill to a regular customer . disgusting . who doe that ? never will i take another animal there , i now have a new vet that actually care about animal and how they feel and whether they are in pain.updated feb 2016 : owner of this veterinary practice finally figured out what yelp is and contacted me for detail about my experience . i provided her with the necessary information and she harassed me implying my dog wa not a regular patient because there were a few year that she did not have a visit . well no , she wa in good health and did not need to be seen . regardless she had been seen there at least 5 time since 2008 . that wa who we considered our vet . she then insisted my dog had been euthanized there ( she wa not ) and asked me to change or remove my yelp review even though i had asked her to please stop contacting me because i did not want to have to emotionally relive this horrific experience every time she contacted me . i am not changing my review nor am i removing it . this review wa the truth of what happened . so if that give you a little more insight into how this business is run , there you have it . p : check google review for more sad story and also search avalon veterinary clinic pittsurgh on facebook for yet another horror story from another patient from october 2015 .
please please read ! they do not care about animal , at all . they used to be owned by wonderful people , but now they are owned by people who care about money and not your animal . we took our dog here for surgery for bladder stone and le than 2 month later she died because she wa `` full of cancer '' ! how did this vet miss this on blood work and when they performed surgery on this dog ? ? shady to me ! after the surgery , when our dog fell ill , we took her in to be seen , it wa obvious she wa in dire condition . the vet here did testing only to recommend taking the dog to a speciality hospital , because she needed a sonogram and they do not have that equipment . it wa obvious that someone needed to look inside the dog to see what wa the matter ! did the vet not know what she wa doing or did she do the uneccesary test to make money ? either way the result wa the same . please i want to save someone from the awful pain of what ha happened to me .
unfortunately dr. ann is response to my review is not an accurate account of what occurred . it amazes me that after the fact people justify their action . i am wondering why you recommended sending abby home with an iv ? my father had to ask where to take abby so she could get the care she needed . only then , after you performed unnecessary test did you tell him about the specialty hospital . the care you provided our dog wa awful and i hope no one ha to go thru what we did . i stand by my original post . this vet is only out for the money . yes , anger doe play a role ... .what you did to abby and my family would make anyone angry . look at your other review ... they have a common theme .
this is my favorite 'event ' restaurant ( by which i mean , spendy , but definitely worth it for special occasion ) . it is great for intimate birthday , celebration , etc . whatever karmic intervention gave the 'bustling borough of bellevue ' this restaurant make me think we , a a community , ha done something right . but more importantly the food ... oh , the food ! the owner/chef take so much care , it make the whole experience very enjoyable . i have never had a bad meal . i
my boyfriend and i went here last night . the restaurant is dark romantic and the decor is amazing . there are photograph of the owner and chef family on the wall ... . it cute . my boyfriend called ahead and told them i wa vegetarian and the chef prepared a couple of thing for me . there is no set menu and the waitress read out what the chef ha prepared for the night there are 5 course . an appetizer , pasta , main course , a salad and and dessert . i thought the salad after the entree wa pretty interesting . they are also very generous with the bread which i loved ! ! ! ! every meal wa made to perfection . it had a homey feeling ... ..my boyfriend had some scallop that he is still talking about . my entree wa spaghetti squash with mushroom wild rice and berry and limed artichoke . there were soo many flavor and all the ingredient were balanced . the service wa great . all in all it wa an amazing experience . the chef came out to say hi at the end of the night ... ... i finished off my dinner with the creme brulee and some coffee . our bill came to $ 120 with tip and it wa absolutely worth it .this is a great restaurant for a super special occasion and it is very private.not to dressy and not too casual . pick out a great bottle of wine or two and get ready to get your taste bud blown . im pretty sure my boyfriend and i will be going back .
yes ! ! ! ! ! ! great service ! great food ! love the byob ! ! ! ( $ 5 ) .
i recently received an orchid a a gift from here , and it is lovely and bloomed quickly . they do bouquet , corsage , spectacular arrangement , and also sell knickknack-type gift if you need a last-minute present for grandma . the staff is welcoming without hovering too much . the price are comparable to the grocery store florist , but dietz offer more flair and fresher-looking flower .
my sister life in bellevue , and i have used fred dietz floral twice now to send her flower ( i live out of state ) . the woman who answer the phone is amazing- she is kind , helpful , and professional . being remote can make this process difficult , but she is very descriptive , and willing to make your desire work in your price range . my sister say the arrangement have been lovely and lasting . i highly recommend patronizing this business .
do not let their name fool you ! this establishment specializes in other good and gift other than flowers.. they have a very nice collection of jewelry , clothing , handbag , seasonal decoration , and much more . there is even an antique store on the lower level of their shop . the staff is very friendly and helpful . they have regular open house event for the holiday season . very comfortable environment .
i wa organizing a big luncheon at work and i thought fresh flower centerpiece would be nice . i wa pleased with the selection of loose flower for customized arrangement . i wanted to just pick a bunch of flower and take them back to the office and arrange myself . i had the pleasure of working with `` beth '' at the store . she wa extremely helpful during my visit to scope out the selection of flower and the 2nd visit . not only were the price great on the loose flower .. some piece of green were included - at no charge so my single flower centerpiece were complete ! on top of the great selection and customer service .. i wa able to stay well below budget . if you are in the area i recommend checking out the store . there is a lot more than flowers.. plenty of unique gift . everyone is so friendly too . thank you fred dietz florist
graduation time called for a special bouquet of flower for my lovely daughter so i called fred dietz in bellvue because i have had positive prior purchase in the past . the gal who answered the phone had top notch customer service skill with the order . when i pick up the bouquet , i paid the $ 30 for the flower . an average price , i am ok with that . i did notice that the flower were loose inside the tissue paper and i asked the cashier for ribbon to tie them together and she said to me.. '' well , we sell ribbon '' . humph ! i also absolutely must mention that she wa training another gal on this while transaction so she wa not new . i can not imagine 25 cent worth of ribbon , if it would have been even that much would have broken the store . it wa poor customer service , and for that i will take my business elsewhere . just fyi ... picture attached .
i think it is ridiculous that they say they need more client ! i wa all ready to be a new client . i had a 12:30 appointment with them , and when i arrived at 12:30 on the dot , the place wa locked and dark and no one wa there ! i waited for five minute ( in the rain ) , and they still did not show . i called and left a voicemail saying that i wa still willing to wait , and i understood if there wa some confusion , but could they call my cell ( i gave them the number , a i had previously given my home number when i made the appointment ) . i waited nearby at a coffee shop , went back after another five minute , and it wa still locked and i had not received a call . and i am definitely not estimating the time , either . i wa willing to wait a bit , and i looked very closely at the time on my phone to be sure that i wa not jumping the gun on calling and then leaving . finally , i went on with my day and when i got home , they had left a voicemail on my home phone , which i had specifically asked them not to call , saying , `` oh hi . sorry you missed me , but i wa maybe two minute late at the most . i hope you have not left , but you should just call back to reschedule . ' seriously ? when i wa waiting , another woman came to the door . i thought she worked there , but she wa just another client , also trying to get in ! when i told this story at another local business , the woman there said that i wa probably the fourth person who had had this same experience at this place . i could not believe it . this place is the worst , and i have never even stepped inside !
now i am picky about my hair , but mane attraction wa so bad that i walked out after about 15 minute of watching the stylist work on other clients.i had desperately needed a haircut and walked in for a major trim and re-shaping of my layer . first , the girl at the counter said my hair might be `` difficult '' due to the length ( it wa nearly long enough to sit on at the time ) and that i would probably have to stand while it wa cut . weird , but okay . second , no one there knew anything about donating to `` lock of love , '' and i feel like salon should be aware of thing like that . i needed a cut so i went for it anyway.i watched the two stylist while i waited for my turn . one stylist told the client whose hair she wa cutting that she wa going to do something other than what they discussed because it `` wa not looking right . '' ummm , okay . the other stylist wa too busy checking her phone every three second to notice she wa yanking on her client is hair so hard with the comb that she wa giving her poor client whiplash.at that point , i just pretended like i had received an urgent text and said , `` i have to leave , so sorry `` a i bolted for the door .
i have been getting my hair cut and hi-lighted at mane attraction for over 5 year , by sue , the owner . i am always extremely happy with the way my hair look . my hair is very fine and i do not have a whole lot of it , but sue doe wonder with it , especially with my latest cut . i never wanted it shorter than shoulder length , but decided recently to make a change . because i am getting older , and other method of increasing the volume and amount of my hair were too expensive , or did not work , i wanted to try a shorter cut . the cut she gave me made my hair look much thicker . i have had several compliment on the cut , one from another hairstylist who worked at regis . sue is also reasonable , charging $ 80 for my cut and hi-lights . i will admit that i had to wait outside the salon once when i wa the first customer of the day , but that wa once in over 5 year . i will take an occasional late opening in exchange for the great cuts/color i get !
let me just tell you , i have really , really difficult hair . type 3b naturally curly , 100 % grey , i dye it dark and mess with the color myself . ( never good ) if you want to know where to get a good haircut you ask someone with my hair . since i have been going to mane attraction i have really loved my hair . i have been going there for about 4 year . kristi wa even able to cut my curly hair into a short reverse bob without making me look like i wa wearing a helmet . ( you curly girl know what i am talking about ) . i have had nothing but complement on my hair and even my mom ( who is always honest ) is impressed . the only complaint i ever have is that yes , sometimes i have gone there on the spur of the moment and it ha been closed during the week . i just know to call and schedule thing . it is a small business and i get it . p.s . kid haircut are only 10 $ and my daughter love it .
krispy creme ? grocery store cake ? git ahta tahn ... . when it come to donut , pastry , and cake they do not hold a wisk to lincoln bakery in bellevue ( or most western pa bakery for that matter ) . their cake hit the top of my list ( with edy is downtown coming in second ) . the batter is light and moist while the icing is smooth -- not too sweet - not too 'lardy ' . by all mean , feel free to give them a decorating challenge a their peep got mad skillz.in my experience , pittsburgh native do not seem to realize how good their sweet tooth have it here , till they move away . so , when i travel westward for the holiday i bring some lincoln bakery sweet along.i highly recommend their burnt almond torte with either custard or lemon filling for nearly any occasion . i get these for corporate gathering often and they always go over well - and you know what they say about trying to please everyone ! i will suggest giving them a few day to a week notice a they keep pretty busy . ( a a side note : though i rave about their donut , pastry , and cake ... . for cooky i will recommend moi is italian bakery in monroeville ) .
the lincoln bakery did my wedding cake - white cake , chocolate mousse filling , and buttercream icing ... it wa fabulous ! we got so many compliment , not only did it look beautiful but it tasted great !
quite possibly the best bakery in pittsburgh . it is got everything from the low-end ( cooky , cupcake , donut ) to the high ( wedding cake , torte , tart ) . make any special or large order week in advance . the tastiest wedding cake i ever sampled wa from here : smooth buttercream icing with alternating raspberry and lemon filling in white batter .
in one word , unbelievable . their cake are incredibly delicious . despite the 20 minute trip from my house , i purchase all my cake from here . the cake are incredibly moist and the butter cream icing is just the right amount of sweet . my favorite cake is a yellow cake with fudge icing ( not chocolate but fudge ) ! ! i have also had the raspberry filling and would recommend that a well . they are incredibly creative with their decorating of the cake including wedding cake but if you want something specialized ( nonstandard icing , etc ) be sure to call ahead and place your order in advance . warning : saturday morning you will surely encounter a very , very long line whether picking up your order or just swinging by for some goody . even better than their cake are their petit-fours ( chocolate with chocolate icing or white with vanilla icing ) . i have ordered them for bridal shower or just stopped by to pick one up for myself . they are the perfect size for one person ( if you are not on a diet ) . they do sell out of these so place an order ahead of time if you want a large order or stop by early in the morning to make sure you can get them . i have gotten cooky from here and they were average . i think this is the best bakery in the burgh for cake but not necessarily all other pastry and bread . the only reason i did not rate the bakery 5 star is their customer service which is borderline horrific . they are never friendly and whether you are calling to place an order or standing at the counter , they just want to get the order taken and move on to the next person in line . the cake are good enough that i put up with the service but be forewarned .
i love lincoln bakery so much . we just got a birthday cake from here today , and everyone at the party loved it . i seriously can not believe how gorgeous it wa . for fall cake and cupcake , i can not even imagine anyone making anything prettier ! the icing is wonderful , although the colored icing is sort of bitter ( but i think that is the case anywhere ) . the white icing is just perfect and not too sweet . when i told my neighbor that i wa coming here tonight to pick up the cake , she immediately asked me if i had ever had the carrot cake . yes , i have , and it is amazing ! the burnt almond torte rival prantl is . i think the girl who work there are so nice and helpful . and i love all of the homemade candy that they sell . it is just the sweetest local gem . love lincoln bakery .
lincoln bakery is yet another local bakery i have been meaning to try . when a google offer came up , i took it so i would have no excuse to keep avoiding it . the place ha a nice neighborhood bakery feel ; a i took in the many selection it seemed that everyone who came in wa a regular . there were not many people when i wa there ( it wa still relatively early ) but i got the impression that at time there can be a line to the door . one thing that i did not like wa although they had many pastry to choose from , nothing wa labeled . so i had to keep asking what thing were . the cinnamon roll wa okay , nothing spectacular . but the pastry i got were very good . i will recommend checking it out . i know if i am ever in the neighborhood i will stop in for a treat myself .
best bakery in pittsburgh ! having grown up in bellevue i am very familiar with lincoln . every cake my family ever purchased ha been from here . the icing is delicious . they have very cute cupcake and themed cake for holiday a well . the staff is friendly and helpful . i no longer live in bellevue but still go back to order cake for any event i have .
lincoln bakery is great . my family ha been ordering cake from here for year , and i always request one for my birthday each year . we probably order about 10 cake a year from lincoln bakery , and often it is the same one : the simple and delicious chocolate cake with chocolate icing . if you like chocolate cake , try it , and i bet you will like it .
cooky are not bad . have not had a reason to buy cake or other pastry . staff is friendly and it smell like heaven .
my daughter can not pas by here without asking to get something . all i can say is you had better bring your sweet tooth !
lincoln bakery make very delicious donut , pastry , and dessert . their bread selection , however , wa very limited and upon making our choice the quality of the bread wa mediocre . we were also disappointed that many of the thing in the shop are not labeled and when the store is busy it can be difficult to find staff to explain what different option are . still , this should be a go to for a local bakery if you are looking for something sweet .
i ordered a cake for a baptism . i did a search on the best tasting cake around pittsburgh and after reading review , lincoln bakery wa the one we had to try.i called them a week ahead , they told me the design they would do and after seeing some picture on their facebook page i trusted it will work out so i went ahead and ordered it . it wa a big hit ! some of my family member were getting second . the cake wa not too sweet and the icing not too `` buttery '' . i will have to say that next time i need a cake i will order from this bakery , and maybe try some of the other thing they carry in their store .
got a key lime pie from this place . it wa horrid . icing wa stale cake thick , crust wa not even crunchy or had taste , and the key lime wa weak . pie looked it it wa sitting out for a day or 2 .
on october 11 2014 i placed a 140.00 order for torte and cooky to be picked up the following saturday and wa told no problem . when i placed the order the girl taking the order wa new so another girl helped but her attitude wa very poor and told me that i had to put down a deposit and pay 10.00 for tray for cooky and they do not tray torte . i told her that wa fine and i paid the order in full . the following week i showed up and my order wa never placed so they had nothing . no manager or owner could be reached and the poor girl waiting on me wa so shook up . the girl that had the attitude the week before and wa suppose to place the order wa very nasty and insisted that it had to be under a different name.long story short we had to make shift the order and put up with a very sarcastic counter girl . i will not return to this place again . i have been using them for year and never saw a business run like this . my daughter worked for year for a well known bakery in college and said were never left alone like this . unfortunately a man beside me came in to pick up cupcake for his child birthday and it wa paid for and experienced the exact same thing a i did . shame on you lincoln to run a bakery like this . oakmont here i come . oh and a for the cooky i got no tray and 4 dozen of sugar cooky that all looked the same . the girl that took the order were there and one whispered to the other wondering if they would be fired over this and the smart mouth answered no they do not worry about stuff like this and the lady just need to get over it !
love , love , love lincoln bakery ! my absolute favorite is the chocolate pudding cake . it come with mound of chocolate shaving on top . they also gave fantastic carrot cake and cheese cake . always something delicious in the pastry counter . the seasonal cake are always so creative and fun to look at in the window.the staff there is pretty great a well . especially dottie . she is been there for year and is always so kind .
i will give this a true 3.5 , but am rounding up in good faith . i walked in to get an iced cake for a going away party . i knew i might have to sacrifice quality because i did not place a call-ahead order.the cake wa delicious -- icing wa creamy and not too sweet . i wa happy there were about 5 different pre-made cake i could choose from : vanilla , chocolate and marble in pink , blue and green style . worker were friendly and helpful . ( lady said the burnt almond torte wa a customer favorite so i will be back to try ! ) what i wa disappointed with wa the icing job . felt like i could have done a better job with spacing and lettering than the worker who helped me . she may have been inexperienced but i expect someone working at a bakery to at least be able to write the basic . feel like it ruined an otherwise lovely cake . there wa a wide selection of cooky , cake ( large and individual size ) and fresh-baked donut . i will be back to try more from this local bakery , just be wary about getting cake iced on the spot !
lincoln bakery is a top notch bakery in the pittsburgh area which i feel is on par with other high ranking bakery in the area such a prantls and oakmont bakery . i love that they have slice of many of their cake and cheesecake available for individual purchase . i purchased an assortment of these to take to a dinner party and they were all gobbled up and it wa a great way to allow everyone to try small bite of a variety of treat . my personal favorite wa the chocolate mousse cake because i love chocolate and it wa sweet without being overly sweet , creamy , with the right balance of sweet and bitter from the chocolate . i also sampled the tiramisu which wa delicate with just a hint of espresso and the cream wa perfect . the best thing wa that while the dessert were all obviously sweet they were not so sweet that it wa sickening a i have experienced with more commercial cake from grocery or big box store . the other cake that i bought and all of which the dinner attendee loved were the lemon cake , the oreo cheesecake , one called the sweet spot that had chocolate and peanut butter , and finally a white cake with chocolate frosting . it is close to my neighborhood so i will definitely return the next time that i need baked good for a special occasion . they are closed on sunday , but the great thing is that they have extended hour the rest of the week until 8 pm m-f and until 7 pm on saturday .
my new favorite stop . if you like carrot cake this is certainly the place to try and you will not be disappointed ! truthfully , i did not know what to expect during my first visit but everything i have purchased since then ha been fresh and satisfying .
had to make a trip to leetsdale to visit a client and found myself in an area where i struggled to find a place for goody . a quick yelp search revealed lincoln bakery.this place is awesome and it is now saved in my gps for future stop . highly recommend .
i have never had anything bad from here ! their buttercream icing is more buttery than it is sugary . it is amazing . plus they have the coolest holiday cake !
we got our wedding cake from here and had ton of compliment on it . it wa very delicious . my biggest complaint when it come to cake , is when it is dried out , but that wa definitely not the case here . the icing wa phenomenal too . i hate when icing is too sugary and sweet , but once again lincoln bakery did not disappoint . since i currently live in bellevue , we often time take a walk down here on our saturday morning in the warm month to pick out a delicious breakfast treat . we have had their coffee cake , their donut , muffin , cinnamon roll , and plenty of other thing . they have all been pretty good . they are never anything out of this world or amazing , but good , solid , bakery product , and since the price are so wonderful , i really can not complain . actually , while i am writing this review , i am starting to think maybe a walk this coming saturday is in order for breakfast . mmmmm
tried the lemon charlotte and chocolate volcano , not too bad . the price were at a decent point and the pastry were average . good enough to satisfy our craving , we would go back . and the staff were all nice .
i ordered my wedding cake from the lincoln bakery and wa very pleased with the result . my cake -- and i am not just being partial here -- wa the tastiest wedding cake i ever had . a i lived in another state at the time , my mom went to sample the cake and wa given exceptionally large sample -- in fact , she wa given entire cake . we ended up going with a yellow cake with alternating tier of fresh strawberry and lemon filling . the staff wa helpful , and adaptable when i inevitably changed my mind about the design . the bakery wa able to delivery the cake to my location , and it arrived fresh . unlike most wedding cake , this cake wa incredibly moist , and the buttercream icing wa smooth and not overly sweet ( which i hate ) . my venue saved the top tier ; my husband and i did not wait until our first anniversary to eat it -- we ate it that week ! highly recommend .
jesse is old school . the place ha been there forever and he doe everything himself from what i can tell . he is a sweet italian man who still get down on his knee to hem your dress . i had him hem and take out a dress i suddenly needed for a wedding and he did a great job . it needed taken out pretty significantly , but he made sure to hide his work so you could not tell . the lining did not match and it could not be let out all over , but i think that wa the dress rather than him . it wa a little more than i expected- $ 100 , but he called to let me know he wa ordering more lining since he could not get enough from the hem . his shop is tiny- be careful , if you are standing by the dressing room looking at yourself in the mirror in a dress that is too small , you are the first thing the next customer see when they come in . but jesse is very sweet and careful , though i think i will stick to hemming my own jean .
jesse worked miracle and altered a complicated dress within a few day . he is very old school and know what he is doing . so glad to have him in my neighborhood !
my family take all of their item to jesse -- he is the best !
i stopped into discount tire center on 65 in bellevue because one of my tire wa slowly dying . i had planned to get two new tire . admittedly , this place look a little scary ... to me anyhow , but a a girl by herself all garage are pretty intimidating . i did not know how these thing worked ... did i need to call ahead for an appt ? i needed new tire asap , so an appt wa not an option . luckily , the guy at discount tire center took great care of me . i pulled in , hesitantly got out of my car and wandered into the garage . a man promptly greeted me and asked me what he could do . i asked for two new tire , he took a quick look at my car and told me , `` no problem , pull it in '' . he discussed the option of tire in a way i could understand , giving his suggestion but ultimately leaving the decision up to me . he also let me know about a rebate on 4 tire , which i ended up getting ( after a frantic call to my husband asking if i wa stupid for being upsold ) . it ended up being a great deal and i never felt pressured to buy more.i sat in the waiting area ( which could use a woman is touch to be sure ) for about 10 minute and they were done . so fast ! the man explained everything with the rebate and i left a happy camper . i will absolutely be back to discount tire center in the future .
if you just need tire , and want a quick , no-hassle experience , then this is your place . drove in , and the guy immediately asked if i wa looking for a cheap option or a higher quality option . i wa planning on replacing all my tire , but then they suggested that i only need rear tire a the front one still had about `` 50 % good tread . '' they seemed to be actively interested in saving me money . they only replaced the tire and did not look for any other `` potential problem '' with brake , rotor , bearing or anything else wheel related . which is both a blessing and a curse , depending on the level of service you are looking for . but like i said , if you just want tire , and do not want to break the bank , then this is your place .
these guy are awesome . in and out in no time , no appointment , no big price . great .
this place is great ! i went into get a new tire because my front tire started to leak . instead of giving me the new tire and charging me the higher price , the found the two nail , fixed the leak in le than 10 min and only charged me $ 16 ! they were honest , and told me that my tread wa good and i did not need a new tire . i appreciated that and i have had no more issue with my tire . i will definitely go back here for future tire need .
i never would have put off getting my tire replaced if i knew it could be this easy ! we showed up without an appointment and it took under 10 minute for them to change two of my tire . it wa like having a pit crew working on my car , it wa so fast ! only 200 buck total and i got 2 high mileage tire ( 75,000 ) . they also rotated them for me . i will be using this place for all of my tire need from now on .
this tire center is amazing . great job replacing my bmw run flat for cheaper than any other place . they have fresh coffee while you wait . i am impressed with how quick they are .
need tire ? look no further ! my wife badly needed new tire so we went to all the local spot to compare price , mr tire , pep boy , sam is club , flynn is etc . while leaving flynn is a woman flagged u down and asked if we needed tire and told u about discount tire.a few day later we decided to give them a try . we went with a new continental tire that had just hit the market that came highly recommended by the service guy . what is really cool is that they are like a nascar pit crew . there are actually four guy working on your vehicle at the same time taking the old tire off and mounting , balancing and putting the new one on.less than fifteen minute later they were done and our car wa better than new ! the car ride so much better and going over bump and pot hole is so much more comfortable . do not put off getting new tire and give this place a shot !
i do not know why i put off tire for so long when i live so close to this place ! i went on a thursday morning . dropped off the car and walked across the street to get coffee . a soon a i came back they were done ! not even 10 min . these guy are the best ! not too expensive either because they do not try to sell you all the `` bell and whistle '' that other tire place try to sell you ( ehem mr. tire ) . i had been quoted a price of around $ 700 for tire from other place but discount tire got them on for only $ 360 . from now on , i will not be going anywhere else for tire !
all these positive review do not lie . great place for tire ! no appointment needed and i got the sense that this is the type of place that would prefer if you just showed up . painted on the garage is a `` honk horn for service '' note.garage can work on 4 car at a time so you are in and out quickly.enter from the first enterance , closest to the city , or you will have to back up and loop around the block like i did.fast , friendly and efficient service . did not try to up sell me but gave me exactly what i needed . will definitely be back ! thanks for such a great tire-getting experience .
although i did not end up purchasing my tire here , they quickly remedied a situation when i expressed my unhappiness .
awesome service turnaround time . no appointment needed . the pit crew is ready when you pull up . and very economic ! forget the dealership , this is much better .
i do not think there is anyone that like to buy tire , but if you have to then i highly suggest you purchase them from discount tire center . conveniently located near the mckees rock bridge , this should be the only place you consider when in need of a tire replacement . the open at 7a , but i arrived closer to 6:50 . what really impressed me wa that they opened the service bay door before their scheduled open time ! seriously , it is rare to find a place that will do this for a customer . i only had to get one tire replaced and wa out of the shop in 15 minute . plus , the cost of the tire wa a lot le than going to other tire place . to be completely honest , i really do not want to have to purchase another tire for a long time , but if i have to i will go here .
another awesome experience at discount tire center to share with the yelp community ! one of my rear tire had a slow leak . instead of just taking it into these guy , i kept filling the sucker up every couple day . in all honesty , i wa being a bit cheap and just did not want to spend the hundred buck . would not ya know , a i wa filling the tire yesterday i noticed that a shiny nail had punctured the tire . so , i finally gave in and went back to discount tire this morning.this wa my second time here in the past couple month and the service wa just a great a the last time . i wa worried i might have to buy a new tire , but they were able to fix both nail puncture . yep ! there were two nail in the tire that were causing the slow leak.here ' s the best part . the total cost for the repair wa only $ 15 flat.if you have any tire issue , just go here . you will not be disappointed .
beware ! ! ! i decided to come here based on all the positive review . i called before coming in to confirm that they had my size tire in stock and asked if they would put 2 new tire on my subaru ( awd ) and rotate the old one . they were very nice over the phone and told me this would not be a problem . when i pulled up to the store however , they immediately refused to sell me two tire saying that they can not do that on a subaru and instead attempted to upsell me four new tire . classic bait and switch.stay away ! ! ! edit : to their credit , jason did reach out to me to apologize and attempt to explain the company policy ( which show me that they care ) . also , a i did not have any work done here i can not comment in any way on the quality of the work , and they did appear to have cheap price .
the only word i can use to describe my experience at discount tire center is ... . wow ! i found this place thanks to a verbal reference from my brother-in-law . i decided to check them out on yelp before calling to get price and saw all of the positive review . i am here to tell you that this place is awesome ! first , let is start with the price . i needed 4 tire for my town and country . i had done some shopping around for price and these guy were le than everyone else by about $ 50.00 . on top of that , there also happened to be a $ 40.00 mail-in rebate for the tire i purchased but they can not really control manufacturer discount so i can not give them credit for that . my point is , based on price alone ; i had to give them a shot.now , let is talk about my experience . i called over before i went in to ask exactly how long it would take to have the tire installed . i explained that i could take a long lunch break but anything longer than 2 hour would not work . they explained that there were not any other customer there at the moment , but with them being an appointment-free shop it wa hard to say how long it would take . i decided to take the chance and headed over on my lunch hour . i arrived at about 12:05 and expected that i will need to park , go in , talk about a price , etc . to my surprise , i pulled up and they waved me right into one of the garage door . i got out of my car and a guy met me at the door and started talking tire . the very first real question wa , am i looking for inexpensive or top-of the-line tire . it seemed to me that they were not going to even bother pricing the expensive tire if i simply wa not interested . being my family vehicle i explained that i wanted `` just under '' top-of-the-line . i then explained that i called in a few day prior and someone priced out a set of goodyear tire for me . the conversation took all of about 2 minute . the gentleman then promptly communicated the tire i wanted and a team of 6 guy went to work . before i could get my phone out to snap a picture all four tire were off of the car and on their way to having the old tire removed . in the end , i had paid and wa driving away at 12:30 ... . i kid you not ! it wa like having my own pit crew ! it wa so quick that when i arrived home ( i wa working from home that day ) my wife wa shocked.in closing , i can not imagine not going back to these guy for my next set of tire . the price wa awesome and the service wa out of this world . on top of that , they did not try to sell me anything that i did not need or want ! i will recommend calling in to see how many people are in line . obviously if there had been four car being worked on i will have had le people to work on my car but i can not imagine the service being slow considering how efficient their operation is .
awesome service . good price . got me in really fast .
almost all of the tire sold on site are foreign . i drove all the way here before work to be told that they do not sell american-made tire . i am sorry , but you get one star for that . i ended up buying american tire for the same price elsewhere . took me forever to get to work from this location because the traffic is horrendous from here .
best service ever ! in and out in no time at all . by the time i finished writing my check , i turned around and they were removing the jack ( or whatever they are called ) and my car wa done ! price that can not be beat-helpful and friendly , make you feel good to `` shop small '' in a family owned business . i would never go anywhere else ! !
awesome experience ! my tire went flat and i drove in on my spare and announced that i needed to buy a new tire . the gentleman asked to see my old tire and then said , `` why do not i just fix this one for $ 16 instead . '' i could have cried . i wa in and out in under ten minute . yay !
i created a yelp account just to leave the guy at discount tire a 5 star review.checking at other place ... good deal were sullied by out of stock tire and/or fee and/or limited appointment availability . i will never waste time with a search like that again.got next-to-top-of-the-line tire for my car installed for about $ 150 le than i could find anywhere else and the other place had brand promotion going on ; this includes scouring the internet.not only that , the pit crew reference below may seem unbelievable but they are accurate . i wa there this morning , i wa back at my home within 25 minute of having pulled into their garage . i think at least 6 people were working on my car.discount tire is a no b local business run by good people that want to save you money with quality product and service .
100 % recommend these guy , no question . i love doing research for everything . i ended up here becuase of the price and review . so i read review before going about it being a nascar pit stop . 100 % true and we loved it ! ! a soon a i picked the tire i wanted , they went to town . i will say i wa in and out under 10 minute with great tire and saved over 100 dollar . ntb quoted me $ 479 , i walked out with great saving . not sure who had a bad experience with customer service . the guy were great ! spin and balanced and everything
this is my second time coming to discount tire center . i knew i would soon need new back tire . i pulled in , they checked my tire , and said mine would pas inspection and make through at least the summer ( june when i went ) . i appreciate that they did not try to sell me tire when i did not yet need them . i will definitely return to discount tire center when it is time to get new tire .
i also highly recommend discount tire in bellevue . all these guy do are tire and they will not try and sell you stupid add-on or worthless warranty that you probably will not use.prices are great , ranging from a value option up to the original oem . the service is fast and you will literally be out on 15 minute after pulling your car into the shop . and the people there are extremely friendly and honest .
this is a pretty decent arby is , and given the condition of the other fast food restaurant on this stretch of ohio river , it practically reach exceptional . the dining room is clean and nicely modern . the service is friendly . i do not think i have ever had a bad experience .
everytime i eat at this location i end up with a sick stomach . i do not have that problem at other arby is . the dining area is clean and everything else seems ok but i always get a sick stomach . maybe they should relook at their food prep .
arby is is definitely king of the fast food joint on the blvd . for that , i will give it five star . however , it is still fast food , which explains the mediocre rating . do not go here without a coupon from the sunday paper -- there is a whole page of them at least once a month . the staff here is very nice and very fast , and on the whole , the food is better than elsewhere by the river if you are stuck with a fast food choice .
my beef wa so raw that i had to put it in the microwave for two minute . it wa even slightly cold before i reheated it . the manager say they cook it medium rare , and i explained it wa so rare it ate the lettuce off of the sandwich ! neither the brown sugar bacon and beef nor the blt had much bacon . ( how do i post picture ? ) for a sandwich advertised to have delicious bacon , this fell way short . the little bit of bacon it did have wa burnt . really arby is ? i told the manager i have no idea how they thought sending out a sandwich like that wa acceptable.overall , this made a horrible day worse . i wa celebrating my two oldest girl ' graduation from high school , and what wa supposed to be a very nice dinner wa a disaster . we went to arby is a a back up so i had at least a little something to eat . that wa equally disastrous . at least the fry were okay , albeit a little soft and mushy for some reason . based on this experience , i would not go back . based on this experience , i would most definitely not recommend this to others .
kuhn is is cheaper than the large giant eagle two mile away , but there is not a lot of variety and you will not find any specialty item . the deli and meat selection is good and cheap -- nearly half the price of the big bird . you can find most staple item here and they always double coupon . the produce aisle is humiliatingly sad . there is no bakery , but they do have fresh mancini is bread in the morning . a major annoyance is that you must pay cash for stamp and bus pass .
i love to shop at kuhn ! the meat is always good and priced well . the special are great ! my only problem is there is no public restroom.. a few time i had to go very badly on a large shopping trip and had to leave and run up the street to a restaurant and come back and finish my shopping ...
kuhn is is the perfect grocery store for bellevue ! staff are friendly and helpful and the store is small enough to navigate in a few minute which make it great for picking up weekly grocery . always happy with the produce and fresh fruit selection -- i even bought kale there last week . deli is busy after work and for good reason . fair price and a big selection of meat , cheese and side dish . grocery store is open til midnight throughout the week ( close earlier on sunday ... 9 ? ) so you can run in for those last minute things.there is also a redbox out front so when your friend ha a breakup , swing by for ice cream and a chick flick . compliment of kuhn is !
wow . an actual neighborhood grocery store . not the wannabe monopoly monster bird ripping people off left and right , but an actual neighborhood grocery store.if you are seeking the gourmet fancy-schmancy , or the self-restrictive dietary vegan-gluten-free blah blah blah , your choice may be a little more limited , but if you are a 'normal ' eater , it is a grocery store that ha all of the basic and a few frill . no one will speak to you with a fake hampton accent dahhhhhling , and you will not find a wine-tasting class with a gourmet fritter exhibition.what you will find are regular folk who are helpful and ( mostly ) friendly , the usual grocery store variety of necessity and non-necessities , a nicely stocked and priced meat and produce case , a deli counter with the usual meat and cheese and a variety of prepared food , baked good . it is clean and tidy , and you can stock your fridge and pantry a you see fit , and with a pleasant 'how ya doin ' ? 'kuhn is still doe the double-coupon thing , and they have some pretty good sale - ten box of pasta for ten buck , the weekly soda sale - three fridge pack for nine buck beat monster bird is $ 12.now i will say that on occasion , it will feel a little like you have somehow been sucked into deep appalachia in regard to some of the clientele , but that is pretty much everywhere in da burgh that is on the 'outskirts ' . sometimes i look around me and half expect to find a rusty 1950 is pick up truck full of goat in the parking lot , or a trailer park nearby.i generally do my 'staple ' shopping at aldi , and my meat need in the strip , but for a nearby quick fill in , unless it is an ingredient for a specialty recipe , kuhn is is great for the 'oh crap - i need ' kind of trip.and quite frankly , a nice a they are , and decently priced a they are , this small business deserves our business more than the cut throat monster bird .
like time traveling back to the sixty , this store barely meet the basic . small , dingy , dated , and very limited in selection ... but at least it is convenient and walkable for those in the surrounding area . do not go looking for really fresh or exotic produce . the produce section is tiny and mostly prepackaged . meat section ? also limited . the deli section is small , but friendly and efficient ... again , it carry the basics.checkout can be slow . if you are in the middle of making dinner or baking and need a quick missing ingredient , this is the place for a quick stop a long a you can use the express lane . otherwise , it is worth the trip to trader joe is , whole food , wal-mart or even giant eagle . basic is okay and so is this kuhn .
i enjoy my trip to kuhn is market for a variety of reason . first of all , it is super convenient . secondly , it a journey into my past when most grocery store were set up like this and i would see neighbor encountering other neighbor who gladly took the time to find out how each other is family were doing this hometown feel is priceless ... thirdly , i usually find exactly what i need for just about the same amount of money i spend elsewhere . this community is well served with the presence and dedication of kuhn is market and it is employee .
this store suck beyond belief ! even though i live within walking distance of the store , i prefer to go to the giant eagle on camp horne or the shop n save on perry highway , but when i do not have a lot of time , i have no choice but to come here . first off , they rarely everything i am looking for in stock and when they do , make sure to check the date . i have gotten month-old expired milk here before and do not even get me started on the moldy yoplait . second of all , and more important , the service here is terrible . the employee here act like they are forced to work here , and if you are using a card , be prepared to slide it at least three of four time since the employee are too incompetent to eat anything right the first time . my advice to the employee : if you hate it here so much , quit and get a real job . you are not doing a any favor by staying here . this store is on par with about everything else in bellevue , which is not saying much .
without question , this is my favorite thrift store in the greater pittsburgh region . i find antique kitchenware here that are older than my grandma , worth $ 85 if the antique mall is to be believed , and priced at $ 2.50 . the 50 % -off sale actually pay off here . the merchandise turn over quickly . the staff is a real cast of character ( do not miss the steelers tattoo ! ! ! i am seriously serious , they are amazing ) . there are bicycle for you and your kid in decent-semi-working condition . the balance of stuff is about half and half valuable old vintage and more modern hand-me-down . the price are reasonable to cheap . the plastic bag on the wall are often a treasure trove . the kitchen section could outfit your kitchen in fondue pot for day . most thrift store remodels result in ridiculous high price to pay for the construction . the remodel here just mean a bigger , cleaner store and parking lot . i have spent , cumulatively , probably several week of my life in this store . this is , hands-down , without question , the thing i miss most about leaving pittsburgh . this store is the largest single contributor to my wardrobe , outside of h & m .
so i came to this red white and blue with high hope of thrift store mecca , and i will get to how i left empty handed and in tear . first , i will walk you through my experience . this place is pretty large , and relatively clean , with a nice parking lot . the rack are packed with clothes - and i mean , hard to move the hanger because there is so much stock , which can be a pro or a con depending on how you like it . i found it a bit cumbersome since although the clothes are organized by type ( dress vs. blouse ) there is no size separation . in a place this huge , it take quite a long time to find what you are looking for without the size separation . but , i am not one to abandon a bargain because i do not want to look around ( after all , that is what it all about ) , so i gave a good 30 min-45 and got a handful of garment to try on . ( i would typically spend a few hour , but i wa trying to spare a friend not a keen on secondhand garment ) . with my carefully extracted find i searched in vain for a fitting room , never to find one . after asking the staff where it wa , i had to take a seat and leave my jaw dropped for a while because there is no fitting room ! i could not take this fact into my brain , and although there were some household item i wanted to go back and buy , i wa too upset to continue . ( sidenote : yes , i can understand how this can work for the rwb , but imho it is unforgivable , and i wish there wa at least some warning before spending my time searching for a bargain when i could not even see if it would fit ) . i would recommend this store if you are looking for something specific secondhand especially for dish , or older electronics , or even beauty product . there wa even a used nikon slr with a wide angle lens ( $ 200 though ) ! but if you plan on buying a sundress , and do not plan on stripping down in front of your fellow thrifties , you will better be confident in your purchase . rwb is just like any other thrift store , and you can not return or exchange your item , so you will be out of luck and out of money .
woo hoo ! dead lady.this thrift store rock . i have been doing this for more year that i have not been , and it is the best in the city.i would make a weekly trek to rwb , and would never be disappointed . these were the day when you could find a vintage 50 something or other on the rack , before there wa a `` vintage '' section . still , recently , there is always a treasure to be had , especially in the housewares department . the proximity of this thrift store to the affluent neighborhood of sewickley account for it top-notch merch . whenever we will have a particularly good day , my frends and i would joke ... '' dead lady . ''
i came here all the time while i wa freelancing and in charge of my own schedule . it ha a lot of point going for it that other thrift shop consistently mess up.1 . it is well lit . you can see the clothing , see whatever might be wrong with it , and make an honest assessment . you are never surprised when you leave at the state of the item you have just bought.2 . it is surprisingly clean . nothing seems to smell , so i can only imagine they have laundered everything thoroughly . 3 . there are good quality brand -- ann taylor , kenneth cole , etc . it is mainly item along these line . you are more likely to find twinsets than clubbing top here , which if you are over the age of 21 is a good thing.4 . markdowns and fresh merchandise . these people *know* how to turn over their stock . because the place is never empty , and there are special every day , the stock flip rapidly . the merchandise is never the same week to week , so a i mentioned before , it is addictive . you never know what you will find.a summary of a few thing i have bought here : a 6 dollar designer knit dress , a few silk twinsets ( $ 2- $ 5 ) , countless heel , two pair of birkenstocks and two pair of doc marten ( $ 4- $ 8 ) , a dressmaker is bust ( $ 5 ) , a pressure cooker ( $ 7 ) ... .you get the picture . the price are not rock bottom , but close enough , and the quality of the clothing will help anyone but the stingiest person get over the 50 cent extra.ca not recommend it enough !
my very favorite store in the world ! their recent remodel made it bigger and easier to find thing and not have to get stuck in an aisle with 10 other people.i get 80 % of my wardrobe from here - the shoe and purse are the best and have always found something great to take home
simply the best thrift store i have ever been to . well worth the 3 1/2 hour drive from my hometown.first , and foremost , everything is 1/2 off all of the time ! secondly , bring cash . they do not accept credit cards.the store is full of wonderful piece of clothing , all arranged by color and type ( not by size , which is unfortunate ) . i found a wide selection of everything from casual piece to high-end business attire to super-trendy teen clothing ... what surprised me most about this store wa the quality of the clothing . almost all of the piece were flawless , a few were worn or faded in some way and the price reflected that . brand name were bountiful ; banana republic , ralph lauren , chico is , jones new york , ann taylor , american eagle , h & m . there were also some wonderful vintage piece from the 80 , bright color and crazy shoulder pad that would have made a more adventurous fashionista very happy indeed ! the clothing smell wonderful , not musty or dirty a in some thrift store , and there wa even a large selection of plus-sized clothing carefully culled out in a special section.i went to red white & blue to find some business attire for my new job , and came home with two gorgeous , flawless statement blazer from ann taylor loft and banana republic ... for a total of $ 7 ! come to this thrift store ; it will make all other shopping obsolete !
i can not imagine a more miserable place to shop than this jam-packed monstrosity . this is a store that make me thankful for goodwill and the salvation army resale store . the customer and the staff are miserable at red white and blue . the clothes are priced far higher than other such shop . merchandise is not refundable or exchangeable , and there are no fitting room ! one purchase clothes at their own risk ! what person would buy a suit under these condition , hoping the pant will fit ? unlike other store , there is no senior discount and no credit card accepted , a rare cash only business . to the reviewer who boast that everything is 50 % off every day , how is that a sale ? it is bogus pricing . red white and blue , uggh !
ever shopped at a thrift shop that sell high end label , some brand new and gently used item like backpack for $ 5 ? this is a great place to discover unique thing . they also have daily deal such a 1/2 off of certain color tag . have to dig through other thing though to find something interesting which is part of the adventure !
first time i really took a moment to look for some stuff . it is always a hit or miss , all the other thrift store i have visited later in my trip showed me that . thrift store sure doe drain a lot of your mental energy . looking for stuff there wa a hellacious project but i bought a steeler jersey for 2.50 $ , some polo and a cute outfit for a friend baby . 20 $ before reduction and after 7.90 $ ! ! wohh ! ! that felt good ! !
pittsburgh store is the worst thrift store i have ever shopped.overpriced ! ! ! ! very high price . backwards policy of accepting cash only . nasty ! do not waste your time or money ! ! ! there are much better place to shop for thrift in pittsburgh !
love the store . great stuff , high price . buyer beware of the rude cashier sylvia , extremely unpleasant , unwilling to help and always with negative attitude . she need customer service training ... .someone please tell her to stop complaining about other customer or employee ... .cashier that doe window display is always kind , friendly and helpful .
i love a deal , and this ha been my favorite thrift store since i wa a kid . first , there is some sort of half-off deal every day.second , the used book selection is pretty decent . yeah , there are a ton of self-help and patterson mass market that you have wade through , but t.c . boyle for two buck ? yes , please.third , the home good . i have gotten huge solid wood picture frame for only a couple dollar . the art print inside were hideous ... but i threw those away , re-stained the frame to my liking , cut new mat , and inserting art quoted a $ 360 each to frame at a big chain fabric store for under $ 30 . boom.finally , there is a decent selection of lamp to re-wire , always lot of furniture , some diamond in the rough clothes on occasion , and lot of other wacky stuff that is just fun to sift through.cash only and the cashier are pretty rude/lazy , but that never bother me.bonus : they pick up your donation for free from your porch . http : //www.pickupplease.org/ super easy .
i love love love this store . i thought the one on saw mill run wa great but this wa i think is way awesomer . if only awesomer were a word . i love to go here and find lot of home decor item to decorate my house . candle holder , dining set , paint , sculpture and sooo much more . i found this small desk lamp that ha a victorian look to it with the shade included for $ 4 . the lamp shade wa made of some kind of smooth material almost like leather . it is such a great find . there are plenty of item for sale at this place and most of them are in great shape . so the clothes which occupy most of the store are the best find . the store ha certain day that offer you % 50 certain color tag . i went on a monday and it wa half off yellow and white tag . other day it half off blue , or green or red . i love to go on saturday ! ! this past week it wa half off every tag except white . i found so many item for such a cheap price . $ 7 shirt for $ 3.50 and tunic for $ 4 . have you ever find item for $ 1 ? ? i have ! ! ! i love when i find a great shirt or sweater for $ 3 or le . or when you find a brand new item with the tag on them for under $ 7 . i bought a brand new pair of arizona jean ( in my size ) for $ 5 . i could not believe it . i wa too excited.the clothes are organized by color but not by size which is a good and bad thing . i like to shop by color since i do not wear too many yellow or purple . i can avoid those section all together but when i do find a nice shirt in the color i want the size becomes an issue . there were a lot of nice shirt that were just too small or too big . even when i have to pas on a nice shirt i tend to find one that is just a good at the same price . shopping here is a gold find ! ! my sister wa the one who introduced me to this store and i used to make fun of her for shopping thrift . if i had known that it wa nothing like the good will i would have been here a lot sooner . now my sister make fun f me for going so often . what an amazing place this is ! ! i will probably never shop retail again ! ! reminder : cash only ! ! -but they have an atm ! ! $ 2.50 fee
rating this store is tough because i want to give it a 5 ... i really do.huge selection of clothing , housewares , electronics and furniture , but no fitting room ! yes , you read that correctly . no fitting room . are you kidding me ? ! ? ! it doe not completely overshadow the fact that they have great item , but when 95 % of what you offer is clothing , you have got to have a few room for people to try stuff on ! the clothing is organized by style and color , not by size , so be ready to dig . same thing with the shoes.i asked a staff member where to try on clothing and she directed me to the back corner of the store where there were two long mirror hanging side by side on the wall , directly in front of the kitchen section . i wa slightly confused for a minute and then realized that wa my only option . i decided against even peeking at any pant or blouse and instead went for jacket and sweater i could easily try on over my shirt . now , the mirror are directly side-by-side , so if there are two people trying thing on over their clothes ( so weird ) , you are going to be right up on top of them . not to mention you will be right on top of people browsing through the kitchen section.a lady i wa chatting with told me that she ha seen woman come in wearing tight fitting shirts/tank top and spandex tights ( hey , those are somehow socially acceptable a pant in public now , anyway ! ) so they are able to easily try everything on over their clothing ( still weird ) .as annoyed a i wa about the fitting room situation , i will probably make a trip out there again in the future to browse based solely on the size of the store . i just might have to wear some spandex .
i can not believe i have been here multiple time and have not reviewed it yet . i absolutely love this place . it is a super thrift store if you will.no matter when i come here , i always find something . it quite the experience . i always make sure it is a day when i am off of work because i can literally spend hour here just looking . it is a good thing that i do this , you can not just show up here and think that you will be able to gran an item and then leave . like a fellow reviewer said , there are not fitting room here , so be prepared to walk into someone trying on a potential great new garment for them self in the middle of an aisle . sometimes you just can not avoid this , i blame the fact that they have mirror set up throughout stores.they have everything you can seem to desire here . clothing to electronics , furniture to bedding , book to movie . everything is under this roof . *cash only , atm on premise .
nice and clean with well organized large selection but wa expensive . i wa looking for some twin size thin cotton blanket easy to wash and hang dry for my dog and the price were $ 14.99 of course somewere high quality item which u would have to pay new retail store price $ 40-50 but still overpriced . i finally found a small blanket for $ 7 on sale .
i have never been treated so terrible in my whole life . here is my rant , a friend and i stopped in one day after high school . i wa a senior at a catholic private school at the time so i wa required to wear a fancy uniform so i looked highly presentable . i picked a shirt up i wa thinking of getting and held it a we browsed through the store . they announced they were closing and i wa across the store from where i got the shirt . deciding not to get it , i placed it on a near by shelf . my friend checked out , and a we were walking out of the store a woman that worked there said to me `` where is the shirt you were holding '' . i told her i had placed it on the self in the back , and said sorry for not putting it back . she said `` i walked back there and did not see it , so where is it '' and clearly implied that i stole it . i told her again that it wa on the shelf a nice a i could and she then told me that she did not believe me and told me to go back there and get it or else she wa going to search me . now i get that it doe not matter that the shirt wa 50 cent because stealing is still wrong but because i did not steal it and told her so i feel im justified in being furious that i wa publicly humiliated and falsely accused over 50 cent . i walked to the back of the store picked it up and started walking back and then the lady said in a grossly rude tone `` well i did not see it back there '' no apology , no nothing . i handed it to her and walked out . i have never been there since . i wa so angry i forgot to get her name tag so i could complain to the manager . i have never been treated so badly by anyone let alone a complete stranger and store clerk . i do not shop at store that hire such terrible staff .
this is one of my favorite thrift store in the burg . everything is well organized and the checkout line go fast . i always see plenty of staff member which are always working hard . when i have a goal of something i am looking for .. this store always ha it ! cash only - no credit card but atm is on site . the mention of `` no fitting room '' often peppered throughout some review . i am not one that try on clothes so that doesnt bother me . i just wing it and it always work out.the ample space for parking is no doubt a bonus . it is easy to get in and out via route 65 .
red white and blue is one of my favorite thrift shop ! i love their special deal of the day , the staff are always friendly . i love the color coordination and i always find great deal !
if you go there , be very careful with the price . some of the good are so expensive . it is not worth buying them .
i like a good bargain and enjoy checking out various thrift store whenever possible . i pas by this store quite frequently but never had a chance to stop . this rating and review is based on my experience at other shop and in comparison to this one.the con : the parking lot on this particular day wa quite an obstacle to drive safely through . i witnessed at least four near miss including my own vehicle almost getting hit by several careless and unskilled drivers.the price . 9.99 for a shirt that wa a donated good to this organization . most other thrift store charge around 2.00-3.00 dollars.no returns.no dressing room to try on the overly-priced shirt that is nonreturnable.a small mirror in a far corner of the store is offered a an option.a poor explanation wa given a to why there are no dressing rooms. `` if you want a dressing room go to macy is '' . sorry , in my world money is money and i choose to spend it wisely . just asking for option before i spend my dollars.cash only.they staple the price tag onto the garment.for profit operationthe pro : it very large and spacious.plenty of great selection and very organized.some discountsmerchandise change oftencheck out line move quickly
this is the go-to thrift store for the family . we have managed to find about everything we need from cast iron skillet to yankee candle to clothes for the whole family . the reason i am giving it only four star is because sometimes the price are a little high , especially if they are not on sale on the white board up front .
hooray for the red , white & blue ! there are some great bargain here , especially if you shop their sale item . make sure you look at their sign a you enter to determine which color tag are on sale . also , wednesday is senior citizen appreciation day ( 55 year of age and older ) , so look for additional saving on wednesday if you qualify.this store wa remodeled several year ago , and at that time they especially improved and expanded the parking lot.if you dig through their large inventory , you will always find a bargain . come back in a couple of week , their inventory change quickly . clothes are arranged by men/women/children , color , and size , so that help your search . uh oh , no fitting room , which can be a draw back , but the price are pretty good ... so it is worth the risk . check item closely for hole and flaws.they have an annoying recorded announcement about what happens when tag are removed , but other than that , the store is pretty pleasant and well lit.cash only .
this is my go-to place for bargain hunting and recycling and it is a great place to shop for a wide variety of cool item at mostly great price . come early and stay late on half off day cause you never know what you will find but be prepared for the crowd . checkout line are fast moving and store staff are always helpful . i can not wait to shop again .
this is one of the true sleeper of `` neighborhood pittsburgh . '' since 1979 , this `` diner/family restaurant '' ha been serving excellent breakfast and home-cooked dinner . the staff ha been there a long.they have some of the best fresh-brewed iced tea in the city . they also have my favorite pancake . if you are looking for a cheap , low key , dependable place to go , come home at 8 o'clock one evening , sit in the window , and especially around the holiday season , i assure you that it will be one of the best `` old time '' meal you will ever have . i hate it name , but i love the rusty nail .
the home-cooked breakfast at the rusty nail in bellevue are wonderful , price are reasonable , the wait staff are gem , and is often bragged about by bellevue local . that said , two star is all i can muster primarily due to the tiny , cramped dining area . i have witness people at three table being disrupted while they are eating so departing diner would have enough room to push their chair away from the table and pas by others just to leave.do not get me wrong , i adore that pittsburgh is a small , friendly city , but i am not fond of getting elbowed in the back a the guy behind me cut his breakfast steak and egg , nor knowing his guest gargled with cool mint listerine this morning ( or worse , did not ) . yes , the table are packed that close together . and whatever you do , do not dare bring a large friend here to dine when it is busy unless you enjoy feeling like a complete 'jag off ' for doing so on the way out .
i have been going here since i wa a wee tot . i have always enjoyed their food even though there is nothing too special about it . i really like their breakfast menu . you always seem to get lot of food for very little money , which is nice . my only complaint is that it is way too small and always very busy . they should really look at expanding the restaurant .
the sunday brunch serve great pancake , and i always felt so fancy eating here a a kid . note that if you wait until the church let out to get in line that there will be a long queue outside . the rest of the menu range from decent to average , but the food is always cheap . the table are so close together it feel like you are crawling over your neighbor to be seated . on nicer summer day and during any of the bellevue event , they often serve fresh lemonade or iced tea outside .
i really wanted to like the rusty nail . i love little local restaurant like this . but it really is a very tight squeeze , to begin with . they really need to pull some table out of there to make more room . we were right on top of another table with two very loud young child , and there wa just no buffer . and the food wa ... . just so bland ! i get that it wa supposed to be homestyle cooking , but it just had no flavor . to be fair , we did go for dinner , and i understand that this place is more of a breakfast joint , so i would be willing to try it again sometime for breakfast . for dinner though , unless you like super-bland food , i probably would not return for second .
given that the rusty nail ha been highly recommended to me a a good breakfast spot by various source , i am sad to say i wa sorely disappointed . they have a wide selection of breakfast option . however , even with numerous breakfast special listed , not one included egg , meat , potato and toast . yes , that is right . i had to order the egg , bacon and toast special with a side of the potato . when my food wa served , the portion were average except for the side order of potato . i did greatly enjoy the potato , though , which i ordered deep fried . my dining companion ordered the french toast with ham and enjoyed it very much . we were here on a weekday morning so we did not have to worry about it being crowded . the service wa good . and it is not that i thought anything wa bad , it is just that , a the two star rating say , `` meh , i have experienced better . '' given the plethora of choice in bellevue , this will not be my first stop should i find myself on lincoln avenue for breakfast again .
i always see this place , and saturday we decided to stop in for lunch . the atmosphere wa pleasant . my boyfriend had the buffalo chicken sandwich , which he loved . i however , ordered the steak and cheese pita and wa extremely disappointed . the pita wa soft and fresh but the steak wa terrible . it wa very steak-um like and saturated with grease . when i picked up the sandwich grease poured from it . i am not one to send back food , and that is my fault , but the waitress came by once a i wa eating , over heard me upset about my food , looked at me then continued on her way . needle to say i do not think i will be returning .
i ate here this past sunday morning for breakfast with my girlfriend . i have been by this place many time and wa excited to finally make it inside . we were lucky that we went fairly early a a line developed shortly after we were seated at our table . the rusty nail is prepared for this in a pretty cool way though a they have a list outside of the restaurant that you can sign into a well a some coffee to partake of while you wait.for my entree i decided to go with one of the special for the day which wa the rusty nail omelet while my girlfriend decided on another special which wa the a mushroom , spinach and feta junior omelet . her omelet is self explanatory while mine had in it some salami , cheese and three piece of sliced pepperoni on top of it . it wa readily apparent that the pepperoni wa not the cheap kind that you get on most pizza a it had more flavoring and tasted much better . both omelet came with side of home fry and toast for which we both ordered deli rye . the junior omelet tasted good a the sourness of the feta played nicely with earthy mushroom while the spinach made it feel like i wa eating healthy . my omelet wa just a good if not better than the junior omelet a the cheese and meat combined to make it seem like i wa almost eating a pizza . some of my hash brown were slightly overcooked and they had too many onion for my taste but we still decent enough to be a side to the main show.the bottom line for me is that i would definitely head back here in the future . everything that i tasted wa good and i would not hesitate to take any of my friend here for a breakfast .
a great pittsburgh diner with friendly service and good diner food . if there are any problem , the price a bit high for diner food and , a others have said , it is extremely cramped . otherwise , it is an enjoyable place to eat and the food is , indeed , very good .
i had one of the breakfast special and it wa fantastic . there wa also a continuous flow of coffee , which is always nice . probably just missed the church crowd so it wa not too busy either . definitely a good breakfast spot .
the first time we went here assuming by the name that it must be a dive bar . we were disappointed , but we were also hungry so we ordered dinner . it wa just nothing special pretty typical greasy diner food . while there we could not help but notice all the article and award on the wall stating this wa one of pittsburgh is best breakfast spot . so , sometime later , on a hungover morning after a wedding some of my boyfriend friend were staying with me and wanted to get some breakfast and i thought let is check out that rusty nail again . what a great decision . i think we all got one of the special and they were all delicious . mine came with some kind of homemade hash brown patty that were amazing . the only downside is they only take cash ( that is not uncommon around here ) but they have an atm . also there is often a wait on the weekend but for u it wa not very long and they have free coffee outside for you while you wait . well ok one more thing the actual restaurant is very small and kinda lop-sided but hey i will rather have a cheap delicious breakfast in a shitty place than pay more for a nicer atmosphere .
i am very happy to be moving into a 'neighborhood ' that ha a line-up of decent mom-and-pop shop to find a reasonable meal when the cupboard is bare , or the energy bank are depleted for cooking . bellevue doe seem to have a small collection of decent eats at reasonable price , and the rusty nail is one of that handful of good example of neighborhood haunts.it is touted a a 'diner ' in many of the review , but it really is a step above your average 'diner ' , and is more of a cozy neighborhood gathering spot for a decent burger , or entree . i have not made it there for the breakfast , but have always been satisfied by the dinners.rusty nail is hardly on the gourmet end of the scale . in fact , i would imagine the sysco truck pull up out back regularly with delivery of food part , from can of sauce to frozen animal chunk . a long a those part are assembled and doctored to make them seem a bit fresher than the typical conveyor-belt diner , all is fine . and indeed , all is fine.so few of our local 'diners ' are up to snuff when it come to serving up decent 'diner ' fare , that i can not call rusty nail a diner . it is a neighborhood family restaurant . period.burgers , meatloaf , pot roast , fish sammiches , salad , pasta ... a varied but adequate menu . fair and decent price . friendly and attentive service . a cozy enough atmosphere ( although i have to say again in a review of a restaurant , if you have got multiple tv in the space , for god sake , can one of them not be showing sport coverage ? ? ) and a pleasant crowd of patron . during my last visit , there wa a large family gathering at the next table . a nicely polished middle-class clan , ranging in age from gramps to granddaughter . at one point , dad received a phone call on his cell ... and actually stepped outside to have his conversation . a i wa leaving i had to pat him on the back and thank him for being one of the few remaining decent guy with manner ! bottom line ... rusty nail is comfortable . it is not a drive-out-of-you-way destination for dining . it is what it is . a great little neighborhood spot for the neighborhood . but do bring cash . the do not take credit card . believe it or not , they will actually take a check .
on our recent visit to pittsburgh my family and i had breakfast at the rusty nail in bellevue ( dad is hometown ) . the place is on the main street , lincoln ave ( or up street a my family called it ) .they were quite busy on a saturday morning but we only waited about 5-10 minute for a table . i enjoyed a sausage omelet with american cheese and my husband had a denver omelet . the omelet were well prepared and served with toast . potato were and extra $ 2.29 , but a serving of potato wa enough for two . breakfast for four adult wa about $ 50 including tip . all adult had coffee or tea and a full breakfast.the service wa friendly and prompt on the day we were there and coffee refill were offered readily . it is cramped quarter , but typical for neighborhood non-diner breakfast joint in urban areas.we had a great diner breakfast in homey surroundings . we will definitely go back when visiting pittsburgh .
checked out the neighborhood restaurant for sunday brunch . the portion were generous and the omelet were very good . we felt that much of the food ( e.g. , side ) and service were just average . for example , we typically had to ask for coffee to be refilled . it is a great place to go for a quick bite to eat on a sunday morning , but i would not make a special trip to the restaurant .
place ha amazing omelette that are almost a big a the size of the plate . you get a really big side of home fry too . this is probably my favorite place for breakfast in pittsburgh . i generally go in and get a seat right away without waiting . service is usually fast and friendly . two downside to the place . 1 ) they are cash only which can be an inconvenience . i never remember to have cash until i get my bill so i have to run to the atm . 2 ) the seating is limited and the table are very close to each other so people there can most likely hear your conversation . place overall is excellent and is worth a try at least for breakfast . the lunch and dinner selection are not bad either ! !
the food at joe is rusty nail is great . a the picture will show , the servings/portions are plentiful . the service is quick , and the staff personable . i went there for breakfast and everyone in our group left sated ! ! a always i had my kid carnivore in tow , and a is their custom they laid waste to everything edible that wa put before them . while they are a tad ( and i do mean tad ) bit pricey i believe that the food is more than worth it . the clientele ( what i can only believe are bellevue regular ) are polite and inviting . my breakfast wa made well , tasted great , and dressed pretty a a picture . i will tell you this is not my first rusty nail rodeo and lord willing it will not be my last . a i say i vote with my foot and my usd , and the staff at rusty nail can sleep well tonight knowing that my hard earned cash , will continue to flow at joe is and my foot will continue to bring me there hopefully more often than not ! !
wanted to try this neighborhood brunch spot and popped in this weekend . it is cash only and seat yourself so do not just stand there when you walk in like we did . there is no hostess station so pick a table and sit down . blend ! we sat down next to an elderly gentleman reading the newspaper in his steelers ' starter jacket . that is the type of brunch place this is.prices are very reasonable : basic breakfast ( egg , pancake , omlettes ) were not over $ 6.95 and even the special were only $ 8 or $ 9.i got the egg benedict which is my go-to , however i did not care for this version . instead of hollandaise sauce , the dish come with cheese sauce . not my favorite that it came on a thin english muffin either , but our potato were good . ( two option : deep fried and pan fried with onion . we got both and thought the deep fried were best . can you blame u ? ! ) total bill for 2 came to $ 20 . i am looking forward to going back and trying some of their other breakfast !
great home style breakfast , sandwich and dinner . joe ha something great going on here . waitress have been there for year a well , and they are very good .
the rusty nail is a neighborhood diner-style restaurant that serf pittsburgh-centric comfort food . meatloaf , pasta , and hot roast beef all grace the menu.i came here with my dad who ordered a hot roast beef , and i ordered a bowl of spaghetti and meatball . both meal were right around $ 10 and delicious . the portion were huge , and the waitstaff wa very friendly.i am guessing it wa the owner , but a nice guy came around asking everyone how their food wa and making small talk . nice touch .
go there to get some authentic home made breakfast ! they have breakfast special and price is very reasonable !
stopped in on a visit to pittsburgh . food and service wa outstanding . be warned though , these are not small portion , come hungry . i had the country breakfast , it took up two full plate . every thing wa cooked perfectly . would definitely recommend this place to anyone who want a real home cooked meal .
the place to go to if you are hungry for a home cooked meal yet lack the time and energy to prepare it yourself . traditional meal feature meatloaf , roast beef and are served with all the trimmings.the dining room is small with plenty of staff on hand.i noticed a good bit of warm conversation taking place among the staff and the regular customers.probably not the place to go if you prefer having a private conversation during your meal.cash only but there is an atm available .
we have stopped in here for breakfast a handful of time . on warmer day you might have to wait but they have a list system they manage outside and offer up free coffee for those waiting.they offer up big portion and i have rarely finished a meal here . just so happens they focus on omelette and pancake , two thing i rarely order for breakfast . the pancake are big , semi-dense and have a nice flavor . egg cooked to order are very large and delicious . the potato and onion are good , but require hot sauce for flavor in my opinion.major downfall is the coffee , i am sure it is folger is or something comparable , not very drinkable unfortunately.waitstaff is typically pleasant and the price are affordable . worthwhile spot to visit if you want to avoid the chain in the area . cash only .
i went to this location for the first time today . i must say that i left satisfied and full . i ordered the steak omelet it wa very good . wait staff very good . will go back again .
been here for breakfast a few time . my new go-to place a i just moved to the area . a someone else mentioned it is seat yourself and cash only . breakfast ha always been good with large portion . my boyfriend and i usually end up splitting something and getting an extra order of cheesy potato puff ( which are amazing ) . egg benedict is usually my breakfast out choice but i wa not crazy over the cheese sauce . everything else i have had here ha been delicious though . the staff is always pleasant and quick . great little diner !
we went there for dinner at about 4:30 on saturday . there were already several diner there . by 5:15 or so , it wa packed . the local people seem to love this place . our food wa not any better than ok . the onion soup wa very good , a wa the crab cake in my mermaid devonshire . the rest of the devonshire wa not very good -- just a lot of cheez-wiz or melted velveeta . my wife is hamburger wa nearly inedible -- overcooked and extremely dry . the staff wa friendly and helpful , and there were enough of them to handle the good-sized crowd . nice place , and seemingly very popular , but the food wa only fair .
the food is excellent and reasonable.the waitress are fantastic and coffee cup is always full .
i have only had breakfast so that is all i can review . the portion size are big and the price are reasonable . the wait staff is awesome . great customer service the wait staff actually brings you thing you request quickly and with a smile . cash only , on street meter parking..
love the rusty nail . have been going there since i wa a kid . always friendly service , great price , good food . american fare with huge portion . you will leave with a doggie bag .
staff is very friendly , daily special , comfort food , simple , flavor , and plenty ! i should have stopped half way to try a desert . cash only is not a problem . bring your own or use the atm . will definitely recommend and come back .
this is a little neighborhood restaurant with home cooked meal . the staff is polite and friendly . the place is small and can be noisy when packed . i will say probably not good for larger groups.my food wa great , liver and onion topped with bacon . i got two side , french onion soup and potato pancake . everything wa bomb . my fiance got meatloaf , which she said wa alright and looked more like a salisbury steak . they also serve you a basket of some fresh bread with butter . overall it is a good place to get a home cooked meal for a great price .
this place is overpriced and the service is not good at all . when we where there child were riding bike in the lot near the table . one almost hit our child . another customer said that if the owner had been there she would have not allowed the bike to be there . the cone wa large to say the least but the taste left something to be desired . not the best neighborhood either with a bar nearby . our child were exposed to language that would have made a sailor blush . we will not be back . also they will accept a credit card but not a debit card ? ? ? ? ? please get up with the time .
i am a big fan of this little ice cream place . you can get both hard and soft ice cream , so that satisfies myself and my daughter . they also have funnel cake for my daughter that doe not care for ice cream . the place is small but there is always a line and the dj outside play the best oldie while you wait .
i fell in love with this place a soon a we pulled up and saw the light strung up and oldie coming from the speaker ! i tried the banana cream pie hard ice cream , their scoop are very generous ! ! my bf got the peach cobbler hard ice cream and that wa to die for ! we got 4 serving of ice cream for $ 10 , which nowadays is a steal imo ! : ) i will definitely be heading back with my coworkers this week !
remember when ... . i always do when i go to this ice cream shop ... the oldie playing and the best and biggest ice cream in pgh.. the large ice cream cone come out the side door cause they can not fit out the window ... wow it is great and ha been great for many many years.. been going there since i wa a young young lad i am now 27 and take my family there we love it ... keep up the good work
first time here and i wasnt impressed at all ! i should have gone to the dairy queen : - (
my family make an event out of going to remember when to see doo-wop dan on saturday night during the summer . i usually go for the small cone , which is comparable to most other ice cream place is large . the large cone is so large that is doe not fit out of the window , they have to bring it out the side door ! the ice cream is good , the portion are generous , and the atmosphere ( almost ) make you forget you are in windgap . i highly recommend stopping by on a saturday night to see dan , listen to some oldie , and enjoy some ice cream !
this is by far , the best soft serve ice cream place in southwestern pa . the `` flavor of the week '' is always interesting-and tasty ! though , i am somewhat disappointed that they have switched to a lower grade ice milk , for their vanilla and chocolate offering . i do not know if this is a matter of cutting corner , or if the better stuff simply is not available any longer . either way , this place is still leap and bound ahead of dq , tastee freeze , etc . it is definitely worth the trip . it is mostly street parking , though they do have about 3-4 parking space off to the side . serving size are huge ! the small cone here , is the same size a a dq large . and the large is so big , they can not fit it through the window-they hand it out the side door.if you want a real `` kodak moment '' -order a large cone for the kid , and keep the camera , and wet wipe handy !
i did not know what to expect when i came here thinking this wa an actual ice cream shop where it is actually an ice cream stand.there are sign posted on the wall telling you not to use your cellphone when you are ordering , they accept credit card not debit with a minimal $ 10.00 purchase . that is never a problem for me since my banking card have both option attached to them . they also will not service you if you are in line straddling a bike.the size of the cone they serve are reminiscent of isaly is . price are reasonable for the quantity you get . believe me when i say unless you are very hungry order a small . it is huge ! in addition to soft serve cone and cup they also offer hard ice cream in various flavor . i got to chat with the owner mary who make these flavor up herself and add her own special touch to them . yes , you can sample them . since i prefer hard ice cream i settled for two scoop of black forest ice cream complete with cherry . she offered me a lid and explained the thing the business does.in addition to selling ice cream and the usual flare every fri and sun evening when it is nice they have a deejay come out and play music from the 50 . once a month they have a special event . recently they had a group of student from cmu come out and teach people how to line dance . they have a car cruise in the work . more information she told me can be found either on their website or facebook page.my ice cream wa very good and quite filling ! there are a couple of picnic table you can sit at if you wish . there is not very much parking in the area . they also have a reward card . you must spend a minimum of $ 3.00 to get a hole punch and then after 10 punch you get $ 1.00 off your purchase . they also have ice cream for purchase if you want a quart , half gallon , etc . cost a bit more than the grocery store but hey if it is good then it is worth the money to me.this place is close to home so i definitely plan to return to check out more of the offering . next time i may bend and try a soft cone dipped in chocolate . so much to choose from . definitely 4 1/2 star in my book .
this is a cute ice cream little place . if you blink you will miss it.. it small but still good . there is always parking on the street - easy in and out . i only stop when there is not a line because sometimes the wait is a little too long for me.browsing the menu - nothing seemed to jump out at me just the typical option . i went with a medium sundae - nut - hot fudge and banana . it wa $ 5.50 . i wa a bit surprised it wa over $ 5.00 . it wa not huge or anything but not small either . it wa just a typical ice cream sundae . it all the convenience you pay for . you can get a tub of ice cream or $ 5.00 . on a hot day - ice cream sure hit the spot . i am grateful for this establishment existence because it the closest one to me but feel the price could be a little bit more average.i have not experienced what other reviewer is have - with the light and music . it just a little cream shop if you are in the mood for a ice cream or a sundae .
if i could give dr. murphy le than 1 star , i absolutely would . i wa a big fan of his for several year . he is a very personable guy . i consistently went to my 6 month cleaning , and each time he would assure me that my teeth were perfect . at my last visit , he identified a cavity in one of my molar . because of it placement , it wa a large filling . ever since having the tooth filled , it consistently trap huge amount of food and it is incredibly hard to floss because of the size of the filling . i recently moved across the country and had to find a new dentist . wow -- i wa in for the shock of my life . not only do i have to have 4 of my filling replaced , but the one that murphy did most recently ha an obscene overhang that press into an adjacent tooth . the new dentist wa shocked at the quality of work . he also asked me if my previous dentist ever recommended that i see an orthodontist about my tilted lower molar . i said absolutely not , i wa told that there is nothing they could do about them aside from extracting the teeth and replacing them with implant . the new dentist could not believe that ! he said that would be incredibly drastic and unreasonable and that the molar could very likely be corrected with some bracket . it upset me that dr. murphy would have allowed me to have unnecessary and costly dental work , and that his preventive care wa so sub-par . i am suffering the consequence of trusting an individual who is either ignorant , apathetic , or both . do not go here -- find another dentist .
i have been a patient at murphy is family dentistry since february of this year and i could not be more pleased with the level of service . i am afraid of drills/pain etc . and going to the dentist like most of america give me a little bit of anxiety . some dentist office that i have been too have made me feel silly if i had a shred of anxiety and were a bit insensitive . when i compare those to this dentistry there is no comparison . there is a level of comfort and it obvious & appreciated . i just recently had a root canal/crown placement . i had a very bad experience year ago and wa very weary about the whole process . this dentistry wa a dream and really wa great throughout the entire process . i am most comfortable and most important - in and out.. there is never a wait and i know exactly what to expect . i recommend 100 %
my husband and i have been patient of dr. murphy for almost 20 year . i wish there wa an `` 11 '' on this chart of star to give him . i used to have panic attack going to the dentist , and he helped me work through that , which is great a i always need work done . now i am not afraid , and feel like i can trust him to do good work . thanks for taking care of me all these year !
sometime ago , i wa looking for someone to service my grandfather clock in my home . after extensive research , i ran across these folk . i could not be happier with the result of their visitation . the knowledge they posse and the professionalism with which they practice , is impeccable ! all of my clock are running at peak performance ; they even took the time to look at my `` black forest '' cuckoo clock and passed on valuable advice a to how i should maintain them . i graciously appreciate their time , demeanor , and service ! i wish no one else to service my clock in the future ! you can not go wrong with these folk ! highly recommended ! thank-you so much for all that you have done to restore my precious time piece !
can not say enough good thing about paul is clock repair . we inherited an old clock from my parent that had not worked for some time . for a very reasonable price , paul cleaned it up , replaced the broken spring and got it working . when we picked it up , they took the time to show u the proper way to set it up and keep it working for year . thank you paul is clock repair for restoring our family heirloom ! !
i can not express my thanks & gratitude enough to everyone at paul is clock repair . i needed an atmos clock repaired , which wa given to me by my mother who had recently passed away . i needed it done on a short time line since i live out-of-town and wa leaving soon . it is next to impossible to find anyone who can actually fix that type of clock especially anywhere close to where i live . they were so accommodating and really really helped me out during a hard time . much thanks to lisa for spending the time to teach my about the clock & how to take care of it and her dad for fixing it up ! my atmos clock is now working great and look wonderful on my mantle !
very kind and knowledgeable . thank you for helping u with my grandmother is grandchild clock . we appreciate your tip and got ourselves the right screw . now it beautifully adorns our living room . thanks again !
good selection , but it will cost you.multiple fridge of cold beer , but only the cheap beer is cold.nice in person , but rude on the phone.parking lot , but none of the customer understand how to park.every good thing about this place is equaled with a bad thing about this place - hence it probably deserves 3 star . i would really give it a 3.5 if available a this is currently my beer distributor of choice , but since it not possible i have to go with 4.why 4 you ask , when i just went through all that 3 star crap ? any place that offer beer sample provided by attractive woman get a half star boost for sure , and a long a i am going there anyway it really make for a more interesting trip.after all , if you do not like free beer , you are probably a terrorist .
my beer distributor of choice - and there are others located closer to me.let is be clear , it is no frill , case of beer stacked up , limited case in the cooler . selection is ok - if i were looking for something obscure - i would not count on them having it.but they are helpful and efficient . they have convenient hour and parking** . also they helped me out in a keg emergency that saved a party . service in a jam earns my loyalty . **note - most of their customer have no idea how to park in said parking lot .
great selection . however , only the cheap beer i have never admit to drinking are kept in the cooler . so if you want local microbrews , seasonal , or even blue moon , you are going to want to leave time to chill the bottle before your next shindig.having only acquired a taste for beer while living in tennessee -- where beer can be bought in grocery store , gas station , and shady alley -- the price seem steep to me . but i do not have much experience buying alcohol off-premise in pa , so i am only deducting one star here.there is a parking lot , but it is small and everyone park crookedly , so good luck with that .
ok. full disclosure : i know nothing about beer . i am a wine girl , or a hard-booze girl , but never a beer girl . and yet somehow , i wind up being the girl who is sent out to buy beer for the party full of random people at our house who all like different beer.here is a rundown of what happened on a recent night that this occurred at pistella is : me : : :wanders around for 15 minute overwhelmed with beer choice , before giving up and going to the register : :dude working at pistella is : need help ? me : yes . i do not drink this stuff , but everyone coming to my house tonight doe . help ! dude : any idea what your friend like ? me : umm ... my husband like to drink do equis . my one friend like 'lighter ' beer . oh , and i am broke because i just bought a lot of chip and salsa at whole foods.dude : girl just follow me . here , we are having a sale on the do equis variety pack . that ha something for all of your friend . it even ha a christmas beer to make everyone get in the holiday spirit ! you will be the hero of the party ! and i will carry this to the register for you and everything.me : thank you ! my friend , later that night : girl you rock . we are all happy with this beer , and that leaf more vodka for you ! so that is why i choose pistella is when i am sent out on beer run : because there are cool dude working there who will help me not come home with a case of jacob is best . ( nor doe anyone give me crap for not understanding beer - i like that ! )
ha ! the parking lot is good , and yet nobody can ever park properly or politely ! this is a good distributor that is conveniently located , well-stocked , and ha friendly staff . it is a little unfortunate that the only case that are kept in the cooler are the le exotic beer , but their selection is fairly broad , and the space is small , so i will not dwell too much on that . overall , a decent beer shop , a long a we are shackled to the idea of the distributor here in pa .
i stopped by here on my way home from whole food market . they had just paved there parking lot which can only fit 3 max car at a time . it wa not a big a the one i normally shop at in penn hill . they are a beer distributor and have a way hugger selection . but they serve all of penn hill so go figure.i wa looking for a gluten free beer which they had four kind including cider . the price were crazy expensive . $ 35 for a 24 pack of cider . no way ! ! i had to buy it though cause it wa sunday at 4:30 and all the store close at 5 so i had no choice . i should have waited but i drove all the way here to get it so i should just buy it while i am there . aside from the money issue this place wa just ok to me .
my second stop on my quest to explore beer distributor in my neighborhood , and the best of the two ! you will not find super obscure beer here in general , and i did not look for belgian , but they had plenty of ipas for me to choose from . ithaca flower power , loose canon , lagunitas ipa , full pint chinookie and tripa , and more . i believe i even saw some green flash . however , i went with a case of lagunitas suck ! , not an ipa per-se , but a beer that is been hard to find anywhere and ha a 98 `` world class '' score on beer advocate . it set me back $ 40 ( $ 42.79 with tax ) .my trip wa complete with the neighborhood smelly drunk asking me where the $ 10 case on sale wa , the college dude looking for the same thing , and another man apologizing for accidentally complaining about bedroom issue with the gf within my hearing . i considered all of this a plus . great atmosphere , and the staff wa friendly too , though i only needed help in wanting le beer.i will probably be back for some flower power in a week or two.i also experienced the joke that no one know how to park in their parking lot - heck , i wa probably one of those people . the lot is a weird shape ! best bloomfield/friendship/shadyside area distributor so far .
we are fan of pistella beer distributor simply because we needed beer one night while visiting some friend and family in pittsburgh and they happened to be on the way to something we were doing . it is a hole in the wall kind of facade but they do have a good selection . i do not remember the price being that expensive but looking at the average review so far ... it show $ $ $ $ . i am sure they have some nice stuff , but we just got a case of beer ( i think one of those magic hat variety pack ) and it seemed similar to what we would pay in the other store . anyway , we had a good experience with this place and do not really have anything bad to say about them .
this is my go-to distributer . they have a great selection and lot of hard to find brew . i have not noticed that it is any more expensive than going elsewhere but honestly if i do not buy here then i am buying six pack which a we all know are a huuugggge rip off . so any time i have a case of something i love i feel like i am getting a bargain . the cold selection doe suck so i try to plan ahead and have what i need already cold . staff here are all very helpful- and will have recommendation if you ask .
in my opinion , this is the best distributor in the city . the people running it are great , the selection is very good , and the price are competitive with almost any other place i have been to . because i am not too picky , i typically have been stopping right at the front to buy the discounted brew that is usually out of season . you can not beat buying a case for $ 12.99 . i will continue to go here for my beer need until i leave the city .
love these guy ! i have a huge picnic every year for my job , and i always use pistella for my beverage . they are nice folk , always get the order right , and it is on time . i have also been to the store itself many time , and they do indeed have a great selection .
we have multiple restaurant location and they have always been kind to u regarding delivery and they are always quite punctual for same day service . good price . some good craft . not a fancy place , so do not expect the red carpet . just good beer with good service .
love this beer distributor . they always have what i am looking for . the worker are extremely nice and always willing to help . best one i have seen by far .
not a fan . i have been here twice in the past six month and both time the person working wa rude and unfriendly . it might have been the same worker both time . tonight , we walked in and went up to the counter with our beer . the guy looked at u for a second then continued doing whatever he wa doing behind the glass . i am not sure what . we were not acknowledged at all and we waited some more . we finally had to ask if we could pay for our beer . he looked up from what he wa doing and said `` ummm , yeahhh '' then finally came over , no apology , no greeting . a soon a we paid he slid the glass door closed again . no `` thank you '' or `` have a good day '' . there were still two hour before they closed , so it is not like we came when they were trying to close . we left wondering what just happened . it wa a weird experience . i will continue to look for a different distributor , which suck because it is so close to me , but i will rather spend my money somewhere else . i gave it two star instead of one because they do have a good selection of case of beer if you want more than just a six-pack .
being from illinois and in town to attend a steelers game we needed beer . found out grocery store only sell basically a 12 pack per person/visit . nothing like illinois where the sky is the limit . so after that education we ended up here . good selection of beer when you need more quantity that 2 six pack . we stocked up on ic light and wa reasonably priced . friendly service . only con is parking is scarce but that seems to be par for the course in pittsburgh . i would visit again if in the area .
pistella is is a cool little beer distributor ! there is not much parking nearby . my favorite thing about them is that they often have a good selection of marked down beer in the front of the store , to the right when you walk in . if you are a cheapskate like me , then this would be a far a you need to go once inside lol !
my boyfriend and i discovered this place about a month after moving to the area , and it is safe to say we will never be buying beer anywhere else . ( unless of course we are in the market for a fancy dogfish six pack or something ... ) first , the price are reasonable to begin with . the twelve-packs are always a few dollar cheaper than the same thing at the nearby market district . second , the selection of deeply discounted seasonal and specialty beer ( a in the $ 7 twelve-packs and $ 11 case ) is unparalleled ! there is literally no reason to buy your beer anywhere else , if you can be getting your regular weeknight swill at 75 % off and a fair price for everything else . the place is clean and well organized and the staff are efficient and polite , enabling you to duck in and out in under two minute . the only hard part is deciding what to leave with !
after trying a couple groomers in pittsburgh , we found animal elegance . they always took good care of our poodle . clean poodle foot and an even cut . you should try them too .
i wa a vet tech for 6 year so i am pretty particular about people caring for my pet . the groomer ( becky ) listened to what i wanted and did exactly what we had discussed . my dog always seems quite happy and relaxed after a grooming there . ( a really good sign ) . also , they are recommended by one of my favorite pet shop in pittsburgh , smiley is pet pad . i wholeheartedly trust animal elegance to take proper care of my little furry friend .
animal elegance is not much on the outside but the owner wa very nice & listened to how i wanted my teacup poodle groomed and used the product that i requested.i wa very happy with my service and i will return . my poodle groom wa $ 50 , including tip , which i think is very reasonable .
i just moved to pittsburgh and i took the word of other reviewer when making my decision to give animal elegance a try . my two standard poodle looked great and seemed very happy after our visit ! i would have given amy and her crew five star but the price wa a good deal more than i am used to paying . i had hoped to come back every two to three week but it is just too expenseive for that . i may have to find another groomer for touch ups in between visit to animal elegance.i feel like this is similar to a `` special occasion '' retaurant : one where you would go all the time if the price wa just a bit lower for regular customer ... .
i use their service regularly . they in fact are the only place i will take my dog `` gaffney '' . the location is right off the main street . she is always extremely well groomed when they are done . they are worth the price .
i had a very unfortunate experience with this groomer . my dog wa not groomed to my specification ; infact she wa butchered . i went to the trouble of taking a photo of my dog with the haircut that i wanted , a well a speaking with the woman who assured me she would be grooming my dog . the owner groomed my dog , not the woman that i spoke with and she looked nothing like my dog when i picked her up . the owner wa rude and did not even apologize for the horrible service . do not take your dog there to be groomed !
my kingston cooper is a havanese and is a goofy handful and they handled him well . i loved his hair cut . i changed from a different groomer to here . he is only been here once about a month ago but i loved it and we will definitely be coming back . done in a timely manner and i love the cat that walk around and so doe kingston cooper he ha 2 cat himself so he felt right at home . we will be back soon . and it is not far from my house so perfect location . thanks guy for doing a wonderful job ! ! !
this place is the best ! we will not take our dog anywhere else for grooming . it is a very mom & pop type of place . they genuinely cared for our puppy , not to mention the perfect job they did on the cut and washing . everyone who work here seems to treat the animal with the upmost care . such a convenient location on butler street near lawrencevillle . can not wait to go back ! ! thank you so much ! ! !
this is my go to place to get my yorkiepoo groomed . the surrounding area look a little `` sad '' , but let is face it , lot of area look like that here in pittsburgh . inside , however , the place appears newer and well kept . my dog ha gotten consistently good haircut here and she is always in a good mood when i pick her up . that is a keeper in my book ! oh , and the cost is about $ 45-50 , which i will say is average for most groomers i have gone to .
we recently adopted an overweight keeshond named drachma and were hesitant about bringing her to a groomer we did not know . drachma also ha social issue and doe not take to other animal very well . this place did a superb job with her ! she seemed to enjoy the company of other animal , due to the owner working with her . having lost a lot of weight , drachma is a difficult groom , but animal elegance validated it name . bravo !
i went to animal elegance when it wa owned by beckyshe wa great grooming my schnauzer , when the business wa taken over by current owner they overcharged me , told me it would be 50.00 then when i called to see if she wa done they said60.00 went to pick her up it wa now $ 70.00 . that is the end of my business with them
a decent italian restaurant serving delicious fresh made bread with hummus , flat bread , salad , soup , and pasta . outdoor seating is available in nice weather , and the service is friendly . overall , not a bad place , but not super exciting either - pino is suffers from it close proximity to the excellent point brugge cafe . it also get quite noisy inside so it is hard to carry on a conversation , and seems to attract a somewhat older crowd of people .
i wound up here the other night after walking down the street because of a 45 minute wait at point brugge cafe . while my friend and i were leery of the price on the menu , the owner cajoled u into coming inside and were seated right away . i am glad he did ! the menu is rather expansive , but mainly focus on italian fare with an occasional jab at the more popular pointe brugge up the street : mussel and fries.it happened to be lasagna night . because i am used to the home cooked variety , i had a hard time shelling out $ 18 for lasagna . i selected the wild mushroom and spinach option and it also came with the soup of the day , which happened to be gumbo . both were very good . the gumbo had a very earthy taste along with good amount of sausage , jumbo lump crab , and risotto mixed in . rather than being the layered the lasagna wa one giant noodle , the size of the entire plate , stuffed with a generous amount of mushroom and spinach folded over itself with marinara and cheese . did not get a chance to try dessert.both item i had were rather tasty , and i would easily come back here for a great meal .
i made it back here about two week ago . i must say the experience wa night and day compared to the one at the end of july . whether or not it wa an off night i do not know , but the place wa loud and crowded , the service wa bad , and the food wa mediocre at best . i should have just waited it out at point brugge . i will not becoming back anytime soon .
i have been told several time that this place had a great brunch . upon arrival , the menu wa very limited and the service wa abysmal despite a nearly empty restaurant . we literally waited 15 min . at our table and then left prior to ordering .
i often have lunch at the nearby point brugge cafe , but i decided to give pino is a try today for a change of pace . bad idea . my lady friend and i started with a pair of appetizer : green & bean and `` italian frites . '' the latter , which the menu described a `` fresh cut , twice cooked , fresh herb & roasted garlic , '' were basically just regular-ass french fry - decent , but nowhere near worth their $ 6 price tag . the green and bean were even more of a rip-off : 8 freakin ' dollar for a smallish bowl of rather flavorless produce . talk about a profit margin ! a a main course we shared a flatbread with goat cheese , caramelized onion , and roasted red pepper . it wa pretty good , but my enjoyment wa diminished by the fm radio that wa blaring through the loudspeaker . who want to hear car commercial while eating a meal at a `` nice '' restaurant ? classless.conclusion : i will rather wait 45 minute for a table at point brugge than be seated immediately at pino is .
it is a shame that some of the other reviewer had poor experience . i discovered pino is after deciding that the wait for point brugge simply wa not worth it.the brunch wa very good , i enjoyed the atmosphere , particularly the `` missing '' wall which give the appearance of outdoor seating , and particularly liked not having to sit shoulder-to-shoulder with other people.my sole comment would be that the owner , who wa very friendly , should let his food speak for itself rather than being so concerned about the neighborhood competition .
i must admit that the first time i went to pino is ( about 6 month ago ) , i wa not a fan for several reason . however , after coming home from brunch , the experience wa enough to not only completely change my mind , but to keep me coming back.my boyfriend had the scallop and i have the pino benedict ( egg benedict , of course ) . my boyfriend literally looked like he wa having a religious experience with the scallop . his eye were closed , he wa moaning , and it took him about 25 minute to eat 3 scallop . he said it wa the first time in his life that he ever wanted to take so much time to chew his food.my dish wa delicious and the in-house made bread wa fresh and savory . overall , i am very pleased with the lunch menu and the range of dish that are available . we will definitely be back for brunch .
pino is appears to fashion itself something of a nouveau-italian , smart casual neighborhood restaurant , and it is literally just that . translation : the menu is uninspired and predictable . a relatively encompassing selection of appetizer and entree revealed not quite a soul-crushing , but certainly a lackadaisical attitude toward ingredient , recipe and presentation , though the service wa refreshingly excellent . unfortunately , the only other reason you will be dining in point breeze would be to enjoy the amazing point brugge cafe just down the street . a a previous reviewer mentioned , i stopped in simply because the brugge wa full , but i unfortunately will not be making that mistake again .
what a disappointment ! ! evening started pretty badly and did not get much better . we had reservation for 5 people at 7pm this past saturday . two of u were there early and rudely treated by the hostess . she wa vague about seating u and we decided to wait at the bar . when the rest of our group arrived ( on time ! ! ) , i informed the hostess and she looked at me blankly and then the packed restaurant . she told me it would be awhile . huh ? when asked what `` awhile '' wa , she said 20min . but then seated u in 5 ( she had to bus a table which i take it a one of the thing she dislike about her job - that and people ) .food wa a let down . potato latke were greasy and blah . fish taco were recommended and were basically fried fish stick . pumpkin risotta wa heavy and confusing flavor wise . others had the same sentiments.service wa rough . long wait and lack of attentiveness . noise level ( could not converse at all ) made the night just a bit harer to tolerate.not sure pino is will get a repeat visit . disappointment : (
bland food and poor service . it a shame since it is a great location and could be much more , especially since there is always overflow from nearby point brugge .
in similar fashion to joseph s. i , too , decided to give pino is a shot once we saw how packed nearby point brugge , which had initially drawn our party due to it reputation , wa . it wa a relatively nice evening , and i thought the concept of fresh-air dining wa too good to pas u by . we were immediately greeted by jen , one of the co-owners , a we entered . i made it a point to compliment the beautiful inlaid tile in our tabletop , and she volunteered some additional information about their production that i found to be very interesting . i really loved the bistro burger . i requested it to be prepared `` medium '' , and sure enough it lived up to my expectation -- -you will be surprised how many time i have ordered a medium burger only to have it served well-done and nearly bone-dry at other restaurant . nicole , our waitress , proved her weight in gold when she reassured me that gorgonzola would be a good cheese to accompany the bacon on the burger . we also ordered the macaroni & cheese a an appetizer . i thought the ziti wa a bit dry , but the sauce and cheese were delicious . we really loved the bread and the garlic butter spread . i wa hoping for an oil & vinegar blend to have with the bread , but the spread served a a surprisingly tasty alternative . my partner is ravioli looked delicious , and he let me try one of his meatball , which i found to have that `` homemade '' flavor that is difficult to find at many restaurant . our friend loved her arugula salad , and a a seafood aficionado i wa impressed by the very generous size of the shrimp she had . our service wa prompt -- -our water glass had barely gone half-empty before our waitress scurried over to replenish them . overall we loved our experience and will be back ! we were told about pino is legendary sunday brunch , and i look forward to trying one myself the next sunday i have off from work .
enjoyed a wonderful evening eating outdoors on a perfect pittsburgh spring night . the charcuterie plate worked well a an appetizer for 3 and included a fantastic balsamic dressing . i had the best pasta and white clam sauce i have ever experienced , and the other member of our party enjoyed their entree , a well . nice find in the point breeze neighborhood .
tasty option for sunday brunch i have read the review and what seems to ring true is that pino is ha a good sunday brunch . thankfully that is when me and my gang decided to check out this little lovely ! brunch menu ha both traditional brunch fair and some italian twist . my mum had challah french toast and loved it . pop had their breakfast risotto with a fried egg on top - i tried that and it had a nice kick to it.other folk at the table had the egg benedict , salad , and sammy . over all everyone wa happy and it wa only half full so easy to talk and hang out . and for the music complainer ( you whining stinker ) we had a nice ipod mix on when we were there !
my favorite italian restaurant in pittsburgh . all-time favorite dish : eggplant parmesan with their spicy arrabbiata sauce , i had to ask for them to make it that way . not your typical layer of fried , heavy eggplant -- lighter , chunkier eggplant that melt in your mouth . my favorite appetizer there is the sizzling olive -- they bring you a little cast iron skillet and throw olive in it -- they soften and are so wonderful to eat ! flavor explodes in your mouth ! also good is ther roasted veggie platter and charcuterie plate . we typically go on le crowded day , a the restaurant is small -- but we have always had excellent service and the food come out hot and fresh !
this place had a great selection . the mussel were outstanding and the staff wa very professional ! ! . try it you will like it ! ! ! ! !
i like this place so much ! unpretentious . everything is made from scratch . service is amazing . lot of small plate . great wine deal ... definitely worth a trip .
before pino is wa renovated , it wa a tiny , unpretentious , hole-in-the-wall restaurant with a friendly atmosphere , and amazing italian food . it wa also a byob , which i love . this wa our `` go-to '' restaurant.after pino is wa renovated , there wa a complete transformation . while the interior is now very nice , it is no longer a byob , and the staff is full of attitude , which seems to stem from the total arrogance of pino himself.on our most recent visit , we were a party of four with reservation at 7:30 pm . we arrived at 7:25 , and were not even acknowledged until 7:40 pm . pino wa playing maitre d ' , and when he finally acknowledged our presence he seemed totally clueless and wa overtly un-apologetic . there were no open table , despite having reservation . when 8:00 pm rolled around , i wa frantically calling other local restaurant to see if we could get in . no such luck , since it wa prime dining time on saturday night . finally , around 8:30 pm , the waitstaff brought a two person table up from the basement , crowded four chair around it and jammed it into the middle of the restaurant for u to sit in . pino then literally threw our menu is at u , and walked away . not so much a a free drink for our inconvenience.the food is still good here , but i refuse to give my money to someone who clearly doe not appreciate your business . there are so many good restaurant in the area , with owners/chefs who are happy to have you . next time you think about going here , walk an extra block to the point brugge cafe .
six of u went to dinner , six of u had fabulous meal ! my husband said his seafood fra diavlo wa the best he ever ate , not a bit fishy -- loaded with fresh seafood and a spicy sauce . my son had the carbonara which he described a fabulous . my daughter had the roasted veggie platter a her meal ( it is a large appetizer ) , and i also sampled it -- the vegetable and olive were marinated and grilled perfectly . my father had the skirt steak which he loved , and my son had a sausage pizza . both said they were delish ! i usually get the eggplant parmesan with their spicy arribiata sauce but this time i had a pasta dish loaded with artichoke and shrimp in a spicy sauce . it wa excellent ! it wa my father is birthday , and they brought out a tiramisu for u to share ( we did not even ask for it ) , and that wa luscious a well ! the staff wa a nice a can be -- we will be back without a doubt ! i love this place !
`` god this is the best eggplant that i have ever tasted ! '' wa what our friend said after he took his first bite of the sicilian eggplant served at pino is . my husband could not wait to have the seafood fra diavlo , which he had last time ... again , a 10 out of 10 ! i had the roasted veggie platter for my entree , which is really an appetizer -- and i had to share -- way too much for one person to eat . another comment from our friend ( who wa a first timer at pino is ) wa that it wa the best italian dressing that he ever had . a i write , i want to go back for dinner tonight ! ! forgot to mention , they also have local beer on tap ( east end brewery ) , the men enjoyed the homewood brew ( dark lager type beer ) , it is great to see the owner supporting local business !
i went to pino is to celebrate a friend birthday on a thursday night . i had not been in pino is since they renovated , but i have to say that they made the interior beautiful . we made reservation , but i do not think we would have needed them since there wa just a few other party seated when we came in . my two girlfriend and i always have a tough time deciding what to order ... so naturally we order one of everything that look good . we started with the charcuterie platter , which wa a mix of absolutely delicious prosciutto , capicola , and soppressata with a bit of veggie and mozzarella . this wa an impressive way to start out the meal . we all wanted to try the seasonal ravioli , which wa pumpkin ( too tempting for three certified pumpkin fanatic ) , so we got an order to share a an appetizer . this wa unlike other pumpkin ravioli i have had ... very pumpkiny . the ravioli wa good , although we all agreed that we would not have been able to eat a whole order . it wa very sweetly spiced and i wa missing a little bit of savory with the dish . i ordered the grilled sausage pizza for my entree , and wa pleased with it . i admittedly never get too excited about pizza , and this wa good , but nothing that i wa dreaming about later that night . overall , the food wa a 3-4 for me . the service wa outstanding . our waiter wa very welcoming and knowledgable . my friend got dessert , and when the chef ( i assume chef pino ? ) came over to ask how it wa , my friend jokingly said that it wa delicious , but would be perfect with a bit of sauce . before she could take another bite , he whisked both of the dessert away and added fresh strawberry and sauce , saying that he would be serving the dish that way for now on . talk about service ! the whole experience wa fantastic , service get a 5 . added bonus : awesome beer selection , some brew i have not seen . only place i have been that had east end homewood reserve on tap for me to try ( exciting for a beer dork like me , and it is tasty , by the way ) .
i have had lunch at pinos is several time probably at least 5 time . usually i am there for a business lunch when i am in the area . i find that we are well served , not rushed and the noise level is not too loud at lunch we have several time asked the chef to make u some special version of his menu and we are always accommodated . to me this is excellent service . make you feel like coming back.i would have to admit that i usually order the garlic fry which are really great . i do this if i am not going back to the office or out to meet a client.normally i would add a soup of the day which are always nice , and a sandwich of the day . i have never been disappointed and certainly would continue to conduct business lunch here . pino is ha been very reliable and dependable in all aspect . i would make it 3 1/2 star .
the food here is ok but not worth the price . $ 15 corking fee ? $ 9 a glass of garbage wine ? me think not.what really top it off is the owner is beyond rude and doe not care about the business . i heard it used to be much better but now i do not know anyone who eats there ...
another really good meal here ! my friend and i went for soup and appetizer -- and licked the plate clean ! gazpacho , pasta fagiole , homemade bread , eggplant with mozzarella and my favorite ... the roasted veggie platter . so much food we did not think we would eat it , but it wa so good we did ! they also had their door open and we were able to sit outside in the cool summer air -- great way to kick of summer !
i ate here this past friday with my girlfriend and two other dining companion . we decided to come here because it wa pittsburgh restaurant week and they offered a special 3 course $ 30 fixed price menu with 2 course wine pairing for $ 12 . it ended up being a small little restaurant in the middle of point breeze which i had been past many time previously but never really noticed.the restaurant wa swamped whenever we got there , probably due to a combination of it being friday night and restaurant week , so thankfully we had made reservation and were seated almost immediately . i decided to start off my meal with a salad while my girlfriend had the tomato garlic bisque . my salad wa good and came with goat cheese , pear and a vinaigrette which all tasted nicely . it wa nothing amazing but i think it take a really special salad to be amazing . i also tried my girlfriend bisque and unsurprisingly found it to be a bit tomato-y since i do not enjoy tomato very much but she really enjoyed it . for my entree i decided to get two small plate instead of a larger entree and settled on the mac n cheese and fish taco . the taco were a bit sloppy/wet but had some nice flavor ( cilantro , aoili and pico ) in them along with some chili sauce that gave it a nice little kick . my mac n cheese came out in it own little cast iron type pot and wa good . there wa an adequate amount of cheese throughout and i liked that they even had some ricotta buried inside the dish . i wa also able to try the arrabbita that one of our dining companion had ordered . wow wa it good and it packed quite the spicy punch too . immediately i regretted not ordering it although i still did enjoy my two small plate . for my dessert course i ended up having the white chocolate creme brulee . my girlfriend decided upon the tiramisu while another at our table had the peach and puff pastry . all of the dessert seemed large and made sure that we did not go home hungry ! my creme brulee tasted decently and ended up being a good finish to my meal.the bottom line for me is that i would definitely head back here in the future . their regular menu seemed reasonably priced and everything that i had tried throughout the night wa good .
i decided to try pino is due to the restaurant week special and boy am i glad that i did ! my husband and i made reservation for four on friday night . we were seated almost immediately on the lovely outdoor patio area . it wa a great night to be outside . although the restuarant is small , the ambiance is wonderful . i could tell thet the guest around me were enjoying themselves a well.the table decided to order the 3 course menu for 30 $ because of the large amount of option . we each decided on a different entree so that we were able to share and get a good idea of all the restaurant ha to offer . i started off with a mixed green salad with grileld pear , walnut and goat cheese . the pear had a nice smokeyness about them that complimented the sweet vinagarette . for my entree , i chose the arrabiata with rigatoni . the dish wa very good but much more spicy than i had expected . i feel that they should have informed me of this or explained the spice level on the menu . luckily , i enjoy spicy food but i wa unable to finish the entree due to the spice level . it wa slightly le spicy when i finished it for lunch the next day . my husband had the veal and risotto which he loved . for dessert , i orderedthe peach mille feuille . the portion size wa enormous and the peach were ripe and tasty . however , the marscapone filling hardly tasted of marscapone . i had the opportunity to try my husband is white chocolate tiramisu and wa pleasantly surprised by the light but still rich flavor . our dinner guest also seemed to enjoy their choice a well . overall , i would definitely recommend pino is for a nice , romantic date night out in point breeze . however , i wish they offered the 3 course menu a a regular feature .
i grew up just the street from pino is and my family were probably it most regular customer -- we got take-out at least once or twice a week for many many year , and always enjoyed the pizza and hot sub . i have just been back for the first time in 6 year after moving away , and wa pretty unimpressed ... the decor look nice , but the food wa wayyyyy overpriced for what it wa . $ 22 dollar for a plate of pasta , really ? it claimed to be `` fresh pasta , '' but it wa completely tough and chewy ( not `` al dente , '' just undercooked ) , and not very large . i am not sure when the restaurant changed , but i think it really missed the mark ... people want a casual , friendly , affordable neighborhood place that they can bring the kid to . why take that away ?
new fall item on the menu -- their grilled romaine salad is fabulous !
went here with a gift card from the restaurant week photo competition . we were one of two table there and a bunch of staff showing up during the meal . our waitress wa good , but that could not save the food.the meal started out with some what i guess used to be foccacia . i say used to be because it no longer represented anything other than long piece of brick or bark very stale and tasteless.we ordered the vegetable board which wa probably the best thing we ordered with light and bright vegetable perfectly cooked and paired with two delicious sauce . then we ordered the octopus which wa fine , but very cold and the octopus had little to no flavor , being overwhelmed by the citrus in the dish . the tuscan wing were ok , but they were really ordered for my husband who seemed to enjoy them . finally the diver scallop . this dish wa indeible . the scallop were very overcooked and the pea puree wa so minty i wa unable to eat it . we sent it back and they did take off half of the price ( were not expecting anything just did not want to eat it ) . after that we decided against dessert and left . i probably will not return .
i struggle with this review . i wish i could give it a 4 , but i really can not hate on it like everyone else . their wait staff ha always been super attentive and friendly , and their happy hour are great ! but , a lot of their entree are a little meh for me , especially for the price . stick to happy hour for wine/cheese platter , and enjoy a nice summer evening here .
the fresh-baked bread and sun-dried tomato puree is outstanding . we started with the crab cake , which wa one of the lightest i have had . i could eat a vat of the lemon aioli itself . we followed with veal and ricotta meatball that were perfectly cooked . we finished with their italian fry . i would order these every single time now that i have had them once . twice cooked , herb , garlic confit , basil aioli -- every single element of the dish is fantastic.if you plan on visiting , then make sure you have some time to really take in the drink list and menu . there are always a handful of new , recommended wine to try and a signature cocktail of the week ( which , might i add , is usually extremely fun and concocted with unique ingredient ) . i am impressed with the cleanliness , decor , and ambiance of the restaurant . i love the feel when the french door are completely open . i also enjoyed our bartender , eamonn , who wa funny , polite , and attentive . he is also a master of not only creating fresh , new , tasty cocktail but , simply , understands the right way to mix and serve a drink.overall , i would love to keep pino is a our little secret but would urge you to try it too !
my husband and i celebrated our one year wedding anniversary this past weekend and since we recently have moved into a new area of town , we made reservation here because word on the street wa that it wa good . verdict ? it wa so-so . we had reservation at 7:15 and were seated promptly , which wa fine , except we were seated outside ! listen folk , it is cold when the sun go down . they have three table set outside , i guess trying to squeeze out some more business . our server wa nice , but not attentive at all . we were left waiting for thing for 10-20 minute at a time . also , because we were sitting on the sidewalk , people and animal and car kept sweeping by u . it took the waiter three try to get our meal order because he had to keep stepping out of the way of people walking down the street . wine wa good . food wa ehhhhhh . we had the mussel and clam appetizer and when it came out , about 1/2 of the order wa not edible and all the innards had fallen into the sauce , which by the way smelled like stinky cheese . my dinner and my husband dinner wa good , no real complaint there . espresso and a s'more cupcake for dessert and i grand total of $ 134 later before tip ? definitely not worth it at all . the best part of the night ? leaving . the worst part of the night ? associating this place with my anniversary .
stopped in without a reservation around 7 pm . i ordered the house soup . it wa very yummy . the soup wa a tomato based soup with noodle and chick pea . i also tried the sausage flatbread . the flatbread sizing easily fed one . my boyfriend shared with me . the tomato sauce and pepper on it really made the flatbread . i really one to come back int the summer when the front window are opened and enjoy some wine and small dishesa
nice atmosphere with above average food . this restaurant ha a lot of potential . the wait staff wa far below average : they were slow , and we had to ask multiple time for thing . they were not the most polite wait staff , and our waitress wa either a little demeaning or very socially awkward .
we were huge fan of pinos a few year back before the wine bar concept wa adopted . in all honesty , we have not been back for a year though we kept saying `` we have to get to pinos ! '' needle to say , we were disappointed . the place ha changed and not for the better . it seems in an effort to create a quaint wine bar , pinos lost sight of the original draw and that wa the food . the menu ha been scaled back considerably . though the food wa adequate , it is not the same . i came here because the food wa amazing and with that no longer being the case , i doubt we will return . hopefully , thing will change back to how they were . customer advice for what it is worth . refocus on great italian food not a wine bar concept . sometimes a liquor license is not the best investment ! ! !
there wa absolutely nothing not to like . reasonably priced wine , home style italian cooking . great upbeat ambience .
small portion . over priced food . very small menu ( dinner ) . wa ok , but disappointing overall .
i went to pino is with my three other friend for restaurant week and wa underwhelmed and completely disappointed . we chose an option for each course of the very limited restaurant week menu . i selected the baked eggplant caprese appetizer , lazy man lasagna florentine and then the panna cotta for dessert . baked eggplant caprese : the breaded eggplant wa a soggy mess . lazy man lasagna florentine : it wa essentially two huge lasagna noodle sandwiching huge clump of spinach ( i am talking like a 3-inch high pile of clumped spinach ) with a few mushroom peppered in . the spinach ratio wa out of control and i honestly ate a few bite and could not even continue . panna cotta : this wa the most decent of the item we ordered.my friend ordered off the regular menu , which she advised not to do since her food would come out at a different time ? ? why ? we tried my friend is appetizer of the italian fry , which are described on the menu a sounding very similar to the amazing fry at point brugge ... but it wa just a bowl of regular french fry , which were lackluster and misleading . she also got the house soup with chickpea and it looked like spaghetti-o is and tasted even worse.i do not know where all the positive review are coming from . there wa not one thing we ate that wa impressive in any way . all of it wa overpriced and below mediocre . i wasted my money , and i will never , ever go back there .
i live in connecticut and visit family in pittsburgh often . pino is is my favorite pittsburgh restaurant . i do not have one favorite dish because i usually order one of the special , which change often . i ordered from the regular menu for the first time a couple of week ago . the bolognese sauce on tagliatelle pasta ( i think the menu ha it on rigatoni ) wa a good a what i had in italy . my son had the seafood risotto . it wa so good , i need to order it next time.my brother is a retired chef and hate to eat out because few restaurant are worth paying for what he can make better at home . he loved his meal and his taste of everyone else is at the table ( there were 10 of u ) . he wa giddy to enjoy eating out for the first time in in a long time.oh , they also make great cocktail and have a very , very nice wine list.oh , if you think you can only get good fry and mussel at the belgium place around the corner , try pino is . the fry are topped with crispy herb ... yum ! no , it is not cheap . but , i am happy to pay for quality .
i went to pino is recently , only to be disappointed by the owner himself . i guess i should have read the review on here before going , seeing a a lot of people echo the sentiment that i feel.after my mother sent back her extremely oversalted steak , the chef came out to `` apologize '' . it wa very embarrassing how he chastised her for not enjoying her meal . he then snidely commented , a walking away , that he would `` never salt his steak again '' . i do not really take kindly to people speaking so rudely to my mother . she wa very polite about sending it back and certainly did not deserve any attitude . we had an event to attend , which we were very clear with to our waitress . so when my mother reordered another meal ( a salad ) , which took another twenty minute , my mom asked for it to be immediately wrapped up . the chef returned , obviously chewing to make a point , and sneered at my mother , announcing her steak that she refused to eat wa actually quiet good . well , i have never felt more embarrassed in a situation . i said he wa being rude to my mother , a paying customer . he proceeded to get heated and tell me it wa not his job to make people happy ( ! ? ? ! ) and that everyone else seemed to enjoy their meal and we just had to get to the inside of the steak to appreciate it . the drama continued when he did not have change for $ 100 for a $ 57 bill . sorry , how can you not have $ 33 in change ? ! he ended the night by throwing our bill in a crumbled mess on the floor and walking out . overall , embarrassing . it wa an embarrassing situation for anyone to witness . take heed of the negative comment on this site . i certainly wish i would have .
very disappointing meal . after waiting for a half hour , my meal arrived and we were told that my friend is meal would be coming in a few minute . very awkward.t . salad wa average at best . the beet tasted like canned beet and the chicken wa covered with blackish oil from a burnt oil pan . then , to make matter worse the chef came out to argue with a patron who returned her food . the chef came out to humiliate the customer explaining that her returned steak wa great and himself wa enjoying it . eating food from a customer plate wa a real turn-off ... .what else doe he do when cooking ? to make matter worse , when paying the bill , the chef did not have change for a $ 100 bill for the customer who returned her steak.. it wa very uncomfortable watching the elderly customer and her young friend deal with the situation . he kept loudly requesting a credit card and the woman did not have one . another customer provided them with change a the chef crumbled the check . i think i would have just left and not paid ... .give the lady great for dealing with such a lunatic.long story short ... .if you want to eat below average food and watch a chef loose it ... .this is your place !
this wa the place i brought friend visiting from out of town when i wanted to show them the classy italian spot in pittsburgh . after my visit last night , i have no desire to ever go again . i do not know the owner , joe , personally but he ha stopped by our table a few time and said `` dish look beautiful . '' he wa always confident in his food which i guess is a good thing if the good is delicious , which it usually is the table next to ours had a two woman , a mother and daughter . the mother asked the server for a new steak a hers wa a bit salty ( i have never had the steak a i am vegetarian but my guest have mentioned the abundance of salt ) . the server apologizes and return to the kitchen . the owner come out and fake an apology claiming his steak are perfect . at this point the whole restaurant is listening it is that crazy . the best part ? he come out again and say `` i really enjoyed the steak you sent back . '' he wa eating the steak and had some in his mouth ! i can not make stuff like this up ! at this point the whole place feel bad for the mother and daughter . clearly an awkward situation . the owner got so nasty the daughter tried to reason with him and he said `` it is not my job to make people happy '' that is strange considering he want our business . so the mother try to pay the bill with a $ 100 and leave but he said they can not make change . eventually another customer help make change and they leave.i could not finish my dinner i wa so mad . maybe joe wa having a bad day but there is no excuse for how he treated those customer . sorry , we will never step foot in here again .
if you do not like your food ... do not send it back to the kitchen ... the `` chef '' will come out and scream at you ... stay away from this place .
i have been going to pino is for several year with my family so i feel well qualified to give a balanced review rather than basing it on a single experience , good or bad . every restaurant can have a bad day . and even the worst place can please some customer every now and then . what you get at pino is is great service and excellent food . if your idea of italian is the olive garden , you are in for an education and a treat . this is the real deal . we have a family of picky eater including a full blown celiac and we all love it.yes , over the year i have twice seen owner/chef joe unhappy with unhappy customer . in one case the customer wa arrogant and offensive . on the other occasion , joe should have swallowed his pride if only to avoid the coordinated revenge review that followed .
pinos offer an unhappy marriage of good food at bad price . the food is tasty but not transcendent . the price in the high $ 20 is for most of the entree are not justified by the quality , location , or portion . the food is essentially slightly hipper olive garden fare at double the prices.for dinner entree you can get more for your money elsewhere . but it is not all bad . the atmosphere is pleasant and the service wa excellent . i had a good time and i will happily go back for appetizer ( most are $ 8-10 ) .pino is is frequented by a large rambunctious flock of malbec massacring 40-50 year old woman . my friend and i were the only male there . if cougar hunting is your sport of choice , you will feel right at home in pino is jungle safari !
i had read some mixed review but i honestly do not understand the negative feedback . this wa our first time and we found street parking right around the corner . we made the 7:00 reservation only 2 day in advance and the place wa about half full when we got there and very full by 8:00 with some folk eating at the bar . we were seated within minute at a great table near the front window . it wa nice and private so we could talk with our friend . water and bread wa on the table within minute with drink shortly behind . we ordered the bean and green and italian fry a appetizer , the bean and green were good but i have had better , the italian fry , which seemed to be fry with flash fried kale and garlic with a pesto mayo were unbelievably good . i had the del sol pasta and it wa very flavorful , though a little salty . the chicken wa very moist and the sauce wa very good . my husband had the cacciatore special and said the chicken wa very good but they sauce could have been a bit more flavorful . the service wa very good the entire night , i would like to go back , and try the pizza or flat bread .
probably one of the worst place i have been to recently . i have had pasta come out of the freezer that wa better prepared . $ 70 for a mushy rigatoni chicken dish and 2 glass of wine ( incl 20 % gratuity . ) service wa very poor - on our table of 5 server could not remember what anyone had for drink or dinner ever . you need to write down something on your pad like woman in blue del sol/cab sauv to help you , that is fine but do not come back all clueless like you had never heard u order . i will not be going back . seating wa also poor , i had reservation and walked in before a large party , who wa seated before me . meaning i arrived at the hostess station first , and they took the party behind me before asking me my name . i wa not the first , nor the last , to arrive for my party and reservation wa in my name .
pino is is an mid-level italian place with a charming neighborhood atmosphere . the price are not the cheapest , but for what it is pino is delivers small plate and dinner that are satisfying without breaking the bank . the lamb bolognese is one of my personal favorite , a well a pretty much any of the appetizer . i also love the creative cocktail list and the half price bottle of wine for happy hour . there are few place in pittsburgh that can get me a excited about cocktail a pino is . my roommate and i have come here with friend and sat at the bar for hour eating and drinking a variety of delightful thing . in short , they do drink and food quite well for the price . the reason pino is only get three star is the unfortunate inconsistency with service i have encountered . i get treated differently depending on who i come in with , and that is unprofessional . if i am with my roommate and one of my friend ( both of whom work nearby ) we all get seated quickly and treated extremely well . in short , it feel like my presence is valued . when i have come to pino is with people who are not in with the owner though , i have had a thoroughly lackluster experience . once i came on my birthday with my boyfriend and frankly wa let down . we waited awkwardly for a very long time to be seated even though there were empty table and in general had a very impersonal experience . i felt embarrassed having spoken so highly of pino is to him beforehand . i know i will be back for the occasional happy hour or small dinner , but pino is is not somewhere i would take anyone i wanted to impress due to the problematic service .
i normally love pinos . i am a member of their diner club , live 2 block away and often walk there with my dog and eat outside . they are very dog friendly . however , this evening i sat at the bar planing to order wine and dinner . while the bartender did give me a wine list , she then proceeded to ignore me , more interested in chatting it up with the couple at the end of the bar . after 5 minute , i left . i thought the day of ignoring and disrespecting solo female diner were behind u . i went to park brugge where the service at the bar with amanda is always top notch !
i went with lady of dine & dish to pino is in january . it wa good , solid food . it is located in the quaint neighborhood of point breeze . the service wa a bit lacking but it got the job done .
we had dinner and drink tonight and it wa great a usual . we have been here often , with couple , with family , and for a large family event . service and food have always been top notch .
great neighborhood spot . the staff is attentive and friendly . the food is awesome and the ambiance is perfect . we had a great experience here . the mussel were flavorful and my steak main course wa perfect . i totally recommend pino is .
one of my favorite place to eat while in pittsburgh . if your in the shady side area or bakery square area this is one of the place you need to check out . great service..great food..great people .
great neighborhood restaurant , with charming atmosphere and awesome food ! only possible complaint could be that the lamb bolognese serving wa a little skimpy..but that is because it wa perfection !
some nice wine and good appetizer . the main course are quite pricey .
went for a quick dinner tonight and could not be happier . i had the tuna and my son had the carbonara pasta . both were excellent . i love the neighborhood atmosphere . the meal are pricey but very good .
the food wa good . the pasta is made fresh . the ambiance wa not very cozy . even though you are packed together and the table are small , it really did not match the menu which is primarily italian . our server wa busy when we first got there so we waited patiently . however , a the dinner went on and it wa only u and 2 other table , she did not clean off the table once , refill our drink , got an order wrong ( it drive me nut when server do not write order down on paper ) . again the food wa delicious but everything else did not fit .
i am so glad my daughter , aunt and myself took a chance and tried this restaurant . liz the waitress wa so helpful and friendly . we had great wine and delicious meal . it wa also a nice touch that the chef came to our table to meet and greet . if you love homemade pasta , you will love this restaurant . we will definitely be back !
would definitely come back ! wa very impressed by the menu choice . came here for restaurant week . i enjoyed every last bit of each course . it is definitely pricey , but i will say well worth it ! staff wa attentive and food came out at a reasonable time ( i read previous review that said they waited , i did not have this experience ) . wa very pleased and will be back !
my wife and i very much enjoyed our meal and the service . i had the carbonara and my wife had the chicken scaloppini . both very good and large serving .
stopped here for a quick drink and a bite to eat after spending the day at the frick . the staff wa very hospitable to my dog and got him water ! could have been more attentive to the outside table but great food and a cute place overall . would definitely recommend . oh , and try the tiramisu !
paul is a classic old world barber . he is a one-man operation and ha been in the neighborhood for decade . older guy will come around and sometimes shoot the breeze speaking in italian . he often remembers detail about your family from story you share from year to year -- a real personal touch . paul charge about $ 12 ( plus tip ) for a regular men is haircut , making him a great bargain compared with the competition .
paul is a very friendly chap who take his time with the haircut ... it is a steal for $ 12 and feel good to go down a notch and slow life down for half an hour ...
can not recommend this barber highly enough . i wa in town , and walked over here . i realized that they only take cash , but paul pirollo just say 'do not worry about it , bring it later ' . there were two guy waiting ahead of me . it took a while because he doe such a good job . he wa familiar with both men , and very friendly . when he cut my hair , he took his time , and asked my opinion in a considerate way . he detailed the edge of my hair with hot foam and a straight razor , and used some sort of eucalyptus-smelling post shave ointment . in talking to him i found out that he ha been in this location for 53 year . in all those year he ha gotten damn good at his job . i told him 'i will be right back with the money ' and he said 'do not worry about it ' come back with it any day ' . i did come right back with it , and gave him a $ 4 tip on a haircut that cost $ 15 , but he really deserved more for this million-dollar haircut .
this is perhaps the best mechanic shop in pittsburgh . it is ran by two brother and may not look like much but they offer excellent service , honest work and great pricing . recently i brought my truck in after another shop said i needed a litany of repair . at bruno is they did only the necessary work and even fixed the ignition switch which had worn out and only charged me for the part . these guy are great , but they are usually backed up with work so you may have to schedule in advance .
bruno is is by far the best garage i have ever taken my car to , either here in pittsburgh or in los angeles where i used to live . i drive a 2000 saab , so believe me , i have a lot of experience getting my car repaired . the two brother who own bruno is are great . they are very knowledgeable , they are very willing to help you and , above all , they are honest , which i have found is a rare commodity when it come to mechanic . i can not possibly recommend bruno is highly enough .
absolutely amazing guy here ! we were in pittsburgh visiting my family and the driver is seatbelt stopped working . day after thanksgiving and these guy got u in despite obviously being incredibly busy . it turn out that a piece of plastic had gotten stuck in the buckle . now we are able to drive home . thanks ! ! ! ! !
absolutely amazing people ! not just at fixing car , but also a people . we had lived in pittsburgh for about 22 year prior to moving here , and always relied on mike and greg to fix our car ! we have recently moved out of pittsburgh and miss them . in particular when my daughter called recently and mentioned that her brake were making some sound , i told her that if we were still in pittsburgh i would have simply dropped off the car there and they would have taken care of it ! they generally have a backlog , so you do need to schedule appointment ahead of time . but there were quite a few time when i had unexpected problem , and they did their best to accommodate me.thanks to both of you !
it is the best mechanic shop i have been to in pittsburgh . i went there every year for inspection and every time my car had a problem . absolutely excellent service ! ! the most valuable thing that i have found about this shop is the honesty and great price , a other people mentioned in their review . the brother who work there are very nice and honest . they are always ready to help . there are a couple of time when it wa just a tiny problem with my car , they fixed my car without charging me , and even refused to take my tip . they always explained to me what problem my car had , gave me recommendation , and found the least costly way to fix it . the only thing i wish they could have done better is setting up voicemail function for their phone , a the phone doe not work sometimes . however , they are always in the shop from monday to friday when i drop by , even after i get off work at night around 5 . it is not easy to find trustworthy mechanic . i feel pretty lucky . definitely recommend to those who are looking for a good mechanic shop in pittsburgh .
one of my best experience ever . they are dedicated and helpful . the shop is quite small but amazing service can be provided . 10/10 .
gary senge is the best . he is honest , reliable and an excellent body shop man . when he say he will have the car ready , he will . our family ha been dealing with him for 20 year .
i have used senge for the past 20 year , for both company and personal vehicle . the service wa always excellent , the price were always fair , and - most important - wa never lied to or given any b . if they could not do something ( rarely ) , they told me . if there wa going to be a delay , they told me . excellent service , fair price , and no b . what more can you want ?
the guy at senge are quick , efficient , and cheap . my brother used to work with them , yet i get the same straightforward , no-bs service from them on the day they realize or do not . fair price and they keep you up to date with how long they need .
broad way is the only place i take my car on the east end . customer service is through the roof , and i never have any doubt that they do thing right and efficiently . they will let me know if something might need fixed in the near future , but have never put pressure on me to pay for more than is immediately necessary . they are good at explaining what is wrong , and do not use the scare tactic that other garage use ( using big word and jargon to confuse you into buying more service ) . i trust these guy !
i have taken my car to various garage in pittsburgh throughout the year . most of the one is that have 5 star generally fell short of my expectation except for broadway auto . this garage is by far the most honest , friendly , affordable , fast and trustworthy . historically i would end up taking it to pep boy because they were cheapest . i initially went to bway to cross confirm whether my rear brake needed to be changed a per pep boy . bway said everything wa fine front and rear and just charged me for inspection . i felt that showed integrity a plenty of other garage could have changed it out and made money on my lack of knowledge . it is nice to support a local business that deserves it .
danny , is a class act . i have met his father before i met danny , the son . his dad and myself had a saying , my pride and joy . damn i wa like 27 at the time . then his dad pulled out a card that said pride and joy . i am now 47 and still take my car here from time to time . damn time fly when you are having fun ... .get 5 % off . tell them shakim sent you or show them this ad
i love big burrito . they catered my wedding and were fantastic . caroline wa our main contact . she really listened to what we wanted , worked within our price range , and had great idea . she returned phone call promptly and communicated well with all of our vendor . the wait staff provided impeccable service . the food looked and tasted great . need i say more ? we still stay in touch even after my wedding is over !
they catered our wedding , and the food wa exceptional -- an uncommonly well executed catered meal , and they worked with u extensively to create a seasonal menu in pittsburgh in the winter , no small feat . the service at the event wa terrific a well.some of the communication leading up to the event left a bit more to be desired . there wa a fair bit of unnecessary back and forth , extra work for u in the final day because they missed thing or told u one thing and told the venue another , having to ask the same question several time to get an answer , small detail that were off at the event ... still five star , however ; the food and the day-of service were that good .
big burrito catered my wedding ; i can not say enough good thing . amanda wa our contact and she always available . everyone commented on our wedding food being the best they have ever had . i would recommend to everyone ! !
these guy do everything by the book.i had lapsed in my pendot sticker and registration , and they helped me get that together ( they will not work on your car if it is registration is not valid ) .they told me my 2004 toyota would need new wiper to pas safety inspection . they had me , but the cost wa reasonable .
bastone offered me a fair price for the work they did . i took it there to get a second opinion and despite the fact that they have a sign saying they charge for check-ups , it wa free . they quickly got back to me telling me what had to be done and what they recommended giving detailed reasoning behind it.at no point did i feel like they were trying to cheat me or up-sell me . and they were the cheapest place i checked out .
the best , most honest and reliable car guy in the burgh . i lived in pittsburgh for eight year and still have family there . i drive in from out of state so these guy can do work for me .
great service . i had my tail light replaced and had it bought online . other place said that they would not install something that wa not bought at their place . bastone finished the work very quickly and did a great job . great service and value .
had very bad experience with this auto-shop . my car is engine stall at idle and coolant temperature is not right . when make turn , there is noise from front wheel . this garage took more than a week to diagnose my car and gave me a ~1900 $ bill for repair of a lot of un-related stuff . and they did not even check the cooling system until i ask them to do . then they insisted nothing wrong with cooling system other than a loose clamp , which is not loose at all . and they claim all my car is problem will be fixed . they took another week to finish the job and the next morning after i got my car , my engine stall twice within 20 minute , coolant temperature is still wrong and front wheel noise is still there . sent my car back and they said another 500 $ to replace several sensor will fix the problem , which is non-sense . i will never trust them anymore and nether should you . they only trick you to do repair you do not need and never fix a real problem .
definitely overpriced for what they offered . took my car in to check my ac , they did not get back to me for the whole day , and decided to fix whatever the problem wa without asking me and charging me an insane about ( approximately $ 150 more than most place ) . definitely will not go back there again .
i wa passing through pittsburgh and discovered a headlight wa out . i found bastone through yelp and drove over . they fixed the light on the spot charging me $ 12 . first impression are great - very clean repair shop and the service for this minor repair wa done in a friendly and welcoming manner .
i have taken my car to bastone is for year and would highly recommend them . always friendly , always courteous , never trying to sell me on unnecessary work . i really appreciate their honesty and their help in keeping my old car working and on the road .
bastone is the best auto service i have found in the u . i have trusted my car to them for all the year i have been in pittsburgh and i do not plan on changing them . they are very professional , logical price , and they make everything possible to meet your time schedule if you ask them for . they even give some perk for `` loyalty '' customer ( e.g. , free oil change for every 6 oil change you do there - of course this mean every 2.5-3 year but still ) . the also have a shuttle to drop you off ( i have never used it but i have seen other people using it ) . however , because they are so good they are very busy too , so make an appointment ahead of time . they are also not open during weekend .
love this place , really nice people willing to help and pretty decent prices..
bastone wa able to get my car into the shop the very day i wa out looking to get my car repaired . carl , the man who assisted me , wa very friendly , addressed all my concern , and called me with an estimate before doing work ( front end and alignment ) . compared to the horror story you can read online , their price are very reasonable . i picked up my car a few hour later and the steering is tight , dead-center , and ha not felt this good to drive since i bought it . i will definitely be returning if any other problem with my car arises . nice work guy .
perfect place ! i needed help today and they helped me ... .no charge ... just asked me to do something nice for somebody else today !
the guy at bastone are great . everyone is friendly and knowledgable . we have brought our car in several time for both regular service and repair and they always work quickly and provide a solution at a reasonable price . they are always very patient when we ask lot of question . our car ha never been in better shape thanks to bastone .
i quickly needed a car inspection and called around . bastone picked up and wa able to fit me in within the week . i dropped off the car early in the morning ~8:30am and got a call around 11:30 to pick it up ! ! good timing a i had run my errand nearby and sat down at a coffee shop to get some work done . great service and friendly folk .
i came here for a state safety inspection . they were able to fit me in the same day without an appointment , which wa nice because i wa working from home with a cold that day , so it wa convenient.the shop office is a little dated with floor to ceiling wood paneling - but in some weird way , i really liked it . all over were posted old photograph of family , friend , etc , and i could tell there were a lot of memory and history in this place.the inspection went fine , they did not try to sell anything unnecessary to me , and i wa given the same price i wa told . unfortunately , no experience actually getting my car repaired here , but based on this experience , i will be happy to give them a try .
carl , and bob were very helpful with the inspection and repair on my 2010 bmw 5 series . their pricing wa extremely fair and reasonable . they were honest and trustworthy in the handling of the repair . it a modest little shop conveniently located . they got me in and out quickly and efficently . i wa pleasantly surprised at how quickly they were able to handle the inspection and repair so that i wa not without my vehicle for more than a day . their hour could be a little longer for pickup , but worth the trade-off in getting a good value , and great service . drop-off after hour wa easy with a drop box for key . i would recommend to others , and will certainly go back for service in the future .
honest and helpful mechanic . i have had my car inspected here multiple time , had a few problem fixed , and recommended coworkers to come here . never have had an issue -- in fact , when another mechanic wa trying to rip off a coworker , i recommended he come here instead , and they fixed his car issue for much le .
this giant eagle truly is giant ! and believe me , that is about all it ha going for it ! you would think that this mean you can find what you want , and generally you can , but it also mean enormous crowd , no matter when you shop here.you know that a trip to a large , `` one size fit all '' chain grocery store like this is not quite the same a shopping at macy is or boscov is . you know that it is pretty hard to give a place like this five star . it purpose is purely utilitarian . but good gravy , you will think that a place like this could handle large crowd . it should not take you a half-hour just to get one item . that is what happened to me yesterday . i would have been better off going to cogo is or 7-11 . i might have paid a bit more , but i would have been in-and-out in under five minute . i prefer the giant eagle in squirrel hill .
i have to agree that this is one of the poor example that giant eagle ha . granted , it ha the basic you need , and is 1 of the biggest in the city itself . finding thing take work . my big gripe is that it ha one of the weirdest and most illogical layout that i have seen . it actually take time to find what you need a compared to most store where once you are in there a few time , you easily find everything . part of this store are diagonal and that cause you to go in every direction possible . here is a quick summary of the setup a it can be classified a a maze:1 . ) when you enter the store through the slow wide door , you go to the left and walk past the front register to produce . normal enough.2 . ) from produce in front of you ( a quasi l-shaped department ) , you take a quick left and go diagonally to the right to walk past the pharmacy . take a hard right down aisle 1 and then you hit the bakery . 3 . ) from the bakery , you walk along a long meat wall . diagonally to the left , you will find the service meat/seafood counter . and because how the wall go diagonal to the left , the sign for aisle 9 is facing diagonally to the right so you do not miss it because the 1 side is longer towards the back than the other . ( aisle 9-14 are almost twice a long a 1-8 ) .4 . ) from meat , you have frozen straight back on a long back wall in it own cove . a hard right ( if you bypass frozen ) brings you last to hot food , the deli , and then facing in front of you , the customer service desk which is tucked away in a corner ( not really visible when you walk in the store ) .5 . ) once you pas the deli and customer service , take a hard right , then to the left ( almost a u-turn ) to the checkout , and then you take a hard left to leave.most of the other giant eagle store are much more logical in how their aisle and deparment location are set up . you are not going every which way to try and find things.also , the service is not that great a one of the other review said . given that , i would take market district on centre ave or ge on murray ave over this store.however , for those who remember the giant eagle on centre ave at n. craig st , nothing beat how bad that store wa . there is a reason that store wa nicknamed `` the dirty bird . '' compared to that north oakland store that closed several year ago , shakespeare st ge is light year ahead .
i am emotionally attached to this place.this place ha given me food and given me a place to go to early morning is when all the club are closed . : ) the night start by saying- '' it is party time '' and eventually end at giant eagle at times.three cheer for giant eagle ! ! ! now , i have to cheat on you , by going to ralphs in west coast.sigh ... oh , that became more of a letter to giant eagle ( giggle ) .for the note , it a huge grocery store , and it is close to cmu and upitt.-smriti
i can not in my life understand why this giant eagle , of all the giant eagle , would get a five star rating . from the moment you walk into here it is like someone ha hit you on the head very hard and you walk around in a confused state the rest of the time you are in there.the set up is ridiculous . i mean , who want to walk around in the freezer section and then go through a smaller than usual end of the aisle to see , surprise , the meat section hidden off in an area where they could have knocked down the wall so you did not have to do a little dance to get to it . aisle seem extra long in this store , you can tell that they worked with the space they had . it is like when you are half way through the aisle and realize it is too late to turn around because it is the same distance to the end a it wa to the beginning of the aisle , but you kind of just want to give up and sit on the floor because you feel like you have been walking forever . honestly , i only went here because i wa at target and did not want to venture any further to complete my shopping .
i prefer this store to the market district on centre . it is just a overpriced and poorly laid out and maybe a bit grimy , but carry le product to sift through when you just need to grab some simple thing , hopefully not produce . parking is easy and you can hit up the unpretentious wine and spirit in the same stop . i think this plaza still exists to prevent impoverished people from venturing into the other newer fancier store which are a mere half mile away and designed to appeal to people who think they are cultured and discerning .
been yelled at by other customer ( today for instance ) ... place is super ghetto ... avoid at all cost . today , left a full cart bacause a woman ( with a baby in a stoller ) shouted at me for `` cutting in line '' . will never go back . at night it is a nightmare .
this giant eagle is a perfect one to go to . they have a great selection of prepared food and more option to choose from . it is in a safe location and i can easily hop on the bus to go there . the only thing i do not like about this giant eagle is everything in giant eagle is outrageously expensive .
i been going to this place since the 90 and this place is the middle class ge . i stopped going to this place since i got a job at whole food . my mom went here a two week ago for the first tine in a long time she say that the people are still there and the place look better and the people are a lot friendly now . so if you do not what too shop at a middle class food store in east liberty then go to the market in shadyside .
i agree with other review , this store is poorly laid out and honestly make no sense . sometimes bigger is not always better . i used to head here often while living near shadyside to stop at the family dollar & hit ge in one run . i normally only stopped here for a redbox movie . my debit card got hacked at an outdoor redbox at a get go so i will only go to a redbox that is indoor like this one . anyways , i will hit up the liquor store for some wine afterwards for dealing with long lines/wait & awkward clientele outside .
ugh . dirty . long line . walked out without making purchase .
never again . my friend and i went into this giant eagle for a `` quick trip '' to pick up some chip and such before going to a party . took u three minute to find some chip . we stood in line to check out for about half an hour . it wa like a window into hell . the line wa for `` express , '' there wa only one `` express '' line and there wa only one slow checker . i will never step foot in that store again . i am relatively new to the area and am told this store is referred to a `` the dirty bird . ''
a a petite , young , white female , i am fearful to go here alone . i choose this giant eagle ( most of the time ) over the big market district one on center avenue because it is easier to find a place to park , and you can run in and grab what you need quickly . however , i feel like i walk around with my purse clutched tightly to my side and have to watch my back . the clientele that hang out/shop here is not the greatest . there is a police officer that sits at the front of the building , which is good , that make me feel a bit better . most cashier are friendly and nice . some are very slow . the shift supervisor that hang out around the cash register is extremely unfriendly and often show little disregard for her job , her employee , and customer . more than once she ha yelled at me to `` move faster '' when using the self checkout , and when my self checkout lane ha needed the assistance of an employee because it wa not working , she make sure you know you have bothered her from what she wa doing . i can not wait to return to this giant eagle so i can get her name and post it on my yelp review . hopefully someone will get her some customer service training or etiquette class .
came to this location for a quick run in and i regret it immensely . decided to get a giant eagle card since my item wa on sale . the clerk at customer service wa so rude i took my id back and walked away . her language wa impossible to understand and when i did not understand her second mumbling she yelled her question at me . this happened twice . they will not ever see me here again .
i have been shopping at this ge for at least 15yrs . it is convenient to work and home for me . i think this location would be great for a makeover with all the urban redevelopment going on around it . i believe this store is corporate owned , so not sure if redevelopment is in the plan or not . evening check out line can get pretty long . outside you can usually find people offering jitney service , selling food stamp or selling bootleg dvd lol ! a fresh seafood department would make this store much better . i think this location is open from 6a-11p .
the fact that my boyfriend and i refer to this a the `` shady giant eagle '' should be a pretty good indication of how i feel about this place . in time of desperation , i will stop in , head straight to the item i need , and make a quick exit . besides being just an eyesore , the employee i have dealt with seem slightly clueless , causing the line to move very slowly . the customer do not make the experience any better . i remember standing behind a woman in line who wa arguing with the cashier for 10 minute about being charged 2 cent over the price tag . yes , that is right . 2 cent . it took a lot of deep breath to restrain myself from throwing my loose change and storming out .
avoid . employee are unhelpful and rude . went in this am to try to find my wife some flower for her birthday , stopped to ask employee who wa restocking shelf if they carried flower . the employee looked at me , ignored me , and continued stocking the shelf . this interaction is fairly representative of all the encounter i have had in this store . employee are rude , unhelpful and frequently give a lot of attitude if asked to do anything for a customer . shopper are slow , obnoxious , and frequently hold up line arguing with cashier about the price of item . i have seen several family get into loud screaming match in the middle of the store over what to buy for groceries.cashiers do not help the matter , a they scan and bag item a slowly a they possibly can , and make what should be a five minute trip into a twenty minute ordeal . this is also the only giant eagle i have ever been to that doe not sell beer . the liquor store around the corner employ equally rude individual and ha a very heavy police presence , probably to prevent shoplifting . i would never think about going to this place after dark , or at all , if i were a female . there are plenty of alternative , including whole food , target , trader joe is and a much classier giant eagle a few block away .
figure i will give supercuts a shot since giant eagle sell their gift card so it is great for fuelperks . i do not remember her name but she is one of the `` bigger '' woman there . i wanted to grow out my hair longer but it wa looking messy . so i asked her for a trim to get the sides/back cleaned up . she said ok and off she go . 5 minute later , we were done . yes , just like a bad date , we were done in 5 minutes.i got home , showered , and saw the damage . it wa messy . what is worst is every day it grows , it looked even worst.i will just stick to my usual barber .
nothing spectacular , but i go there regularly , and generally get a cut that work fine for at least a couple of month . they did a good job after i had a botched cut overseas ( hairdresser in japan are , understandably , not necessarily qualified to work on non-asian hair , a they do not cut a lot of it ) . parking can be tough , depending on time of day -- there is a shared private lot , but it is small .
i am not sure why this place ha bad review . it par for thecourse for supercuts . standard cut 16.95 is a bit pricy but they always do exactly what i say . i have simple hair so it work well for me . employee are generally nice , sometimes like talking to me sometimes talk just to each other , worth three star for sure .
terrible ! i got a haircut here once and hated it , but kept waiting for it to settle in after a few wash . it never did look right , so i just fixed it at home rather than going back to these incompetent people . i did not even feel like the hassle of complaining wa worth it , a i highly doubted that i will get any money refunded and i certainly did not want them to touch my hair again to try to fix it . i then figured , hey , this place suck for haircut but they can not mess up eyebrow waxing , right ? right ! but their service is so bad that i gave up on that too -- i got my eyebrow done here a few time with not much trouble , but the last time i went in , i had called ahead to put my name in and wa told that i would be next on the list , and to show up in about 20 min . my house is a 20 min walk from there , perfect ! i headed out , got there in 20 min , and gave the woman at the desk my name and reminded her i will called ahead . there wa one man sitting there waiting , who i had seen from across the street walking in about 1 min ahead of me . the `` stylist '' wa just finishing up a haircut , so i should have been next , right , since i had put my name in before the guy who walked in ? nope ! she called him over and i said `` sorry , i think i wa next , i called ahead and wa told i will be next in line '' and the lady said `` oh we do not do that . '' wtf ? ? you told me very clearly that you do exactly that , what craziness is this ? so i waited , figuring that i will already invested 20 min into this venture , so i may a well stick it out . and waited , and waited , while one `` stylist '' cut the man is hair and 2 of them chatted in the back ( ironically next to the chair where they do facial waxing ) . they must have been `` on break , '' or maybe just terribly rude and idiotic , because i sat there waiting for another full 20 min , and when i finally spoke up again to ask when someone would be available to do my eyebrow . the 2 chatty cathies in the back looked over , very annoyed at my presence , and the woman doing the haircut said `` after i am done here , '' and i sat there incredulous for another 2 minute before getting up and leaving . will never go back .
went here with a friend for his haircut . it is been a long time since i have been to a barber shop or haircut salon/store , but from what i remember this place seems completely average . the hair stylist seem nice enough and competent . the wait wa a few minutes- i actually expected the wait to be longer because we came in on a saturday . if i ever need a haircut ( which i have not gotten in maybe 5 year ! ) , i would not have a problem stopping in here- but i tend to enjoy my long shaggy mop ... ..
i went there today ! the cut wa terrible ! i have an awful experience . they lady that cut my hair wa nice but she wanted to leave early so she made a disaster in my head !
i used to cut my own hair , haphazardly , with a pair of andis clipper . once , due to a series of unfortunate event , i ended up needing a new passport photo the day i cut my hair . i had not realized quite how much of a goob i looked like . since i wa going from free to paying for haircut , i chose a supercuts , and it wa better than i did for myself.periodically i am burned by a supercut , but what i have learned is that if you know what you want and tell the cutter how to do it , thing generally turn out alright , and i have been going to this location since i moved to pittsburgh and have never had a bad experience.the supercuts i used to go to in boston wa renovated with a spa-feel . mostly that meant new seating , and heated-massage chair at the sink where they do shampoo . not the case in shadyside . it is in a stripmall , and everything is kind of dated . the only `` spa '' treatment they have is the tea tree experience : you get a bit of a hot towel face massage and special tingly tea tree shampoo . some of the cutter will spend several minute on this , while others finish so fast it seems like they have an aversion to scalp-contact . it is hit or miss in term of the amount of time they spend , but for $ 5 that is a risk i am willing to take . of course you can do the same for yourself with a little dr. bronner is , but after letting someone operate sharp machinery near my face , sometimes i want to be pampered just a bit.so far , while some have been better than others , i have never had an embarrassing cut at this location , and if you are a dude with short hair , you can be in and out during your lunch break at work for $ 30 ( or about $ 20 if you do not want the shampoo ) .
jasmine wa great . fair price , easy experience . also , lot to do in area.as to the negative review , i guess it just depends on who you have cut your hair . i waited about 15 min and that let me see how the different stylist cut hair . i went with the one that did it how i like it .
supercuts is my usual spot for an eyebrow wax - partially because i am too broke to go anywhere else . surprisingly , they do a decent job ... .most of the time . it all really depends on who i get that day , and since i have not exactly found a master supercuts waxer that i am attached to , i just leave it up to fate . my skin is very sensitive to waxing , and they actually do a very good job at minimizing the redness and irritation . my one complaint is that 9 time out of 10 , they will forget to wax a part of my eyebrow and seem annoyed when i point it out . first off , highly unprofessional . second , should not the one with the messed up eyebrow be the one that is mad ? ?
i do not why people had bad experience i guess they might have new people working here . cassie is awesome she took what i wanted n made it more awesome . i wa greeted right away the wait wa not long n the price wa good .
i will admit i am completely biased towards this place . i grew up eating their pizza . crust is soft and fluffy , not chewy . the cheese is a little thicker than the average new york style pizza place . the sauce ha spice but not too much . at some place you need a little milk or water to cool your tongue . their one downside is that they are not always consistent . some day it just started to turn golden brown others it over done .
eaten here twicebut only pizza . i do have to say it up there with napoli or ailleos a for the pizza . tonight me and my neighbor were up for some more . wa disappointed when ordering a meatball hoagie to find out they had no meatball ! pizza place should never run out of certain thing . had gotten a cheese hoagie . didnt get get why someone would order this , but wa told it wa good . didnt like . luckily the pep pizza wa great , but.. when u get toward the crust , it all dough . still kick butt pizza but get rid of the cheese hoagie .
according to urbanspoon ( blasphemy i know ) their are like 1,100 pizza place in pittsburgh . so what is the best pizza in pittsburgh . everyone ha an opinion and so here is mine : the best pizza in pittsburgh is the pie come from the place in you neighborhood that ha quality ingredient , fair price , and friendly service . eddie is pizza place is all of these thing and since i live in this neighborhood this is my favorite .
decent neighborhood pizza can be found in morningside at eddy pizza haus . the sauce and cheese are perfect , but the crust fall short . it ha a nice texture and overall the pizza is not greasy , but the crust lack much flavor . maybe a little more salt is needed in the dough to compensate ? the pizza is decent enough though and merit a try , perhaps it wa an off day for eddy .
really great local pizza . probably the best crust i have had in a while . very inexpensive for pittsburgh but you can taste quality ingredient . they do not have many specialty pizza . so , do not call in an ask for the work . they do not have it . but if you want a delicious shredded italian sausage pizza , or a white pizza with tomato , they got you .
this is a small takeout and delivery pizza shop in morningside . it ha good pizza and salad and i presume the hoagy are also good but i have not tried them . they doe a very good business and customer appear satisfied with a lot of repeat business . it appears to be a local favorite . i had avery good slice of pizza , good cheese , nice sauce and well prepared . you can get served a a walk-in in 10 minute or le . not the best pizza in pittsburgh but adequate . the owner , cook and staff are all friendly and engaging . definitely ha a neighborhood feel . i will definitely be back when i am close by .
great pizza . dough always fresh , sauce ha a nice tang , cheese blend is just right . delivery ha been prompt each time . definitely our fav neighborhood pizza delivery place .
had a fair bit of work done to my car after a winter is worth of ice landed on the hood . excellent work , not the fastest but the end result wa impeccable .
wa referred here by my mechanic to have my front bumper replaced . had it done quickly and inexpensively . even drove my wife to work when she dropped it off . called on my way there to pick it up and asked about an estimate on a scratch along the side of my car . when i got there they had an estimate printed out but they just finished buffing out the scratch and touching it up for free . look great . also compounded my headlight because they were yellowing for free . very impressed !
great result , great people , great customer service . i have brought my car in to this shop three time , and my husband ha used it once . they do excellent , honest work here and are so friendly and knowledgeable that i know i can come in for car body advice at any time . i wish i could give them more business , but i am leaving the state . will miss this place . never thought i will say that about a body shop .
super nice guy . they ended up doing a number of simple thing for free and they are not afraid of complex job . if you need help with your door hinge , come here .
my god what a magician . took in my severely dented vw golf 2013 tdi in which had a horrible dent in the back left rear upper panel . i wish i had taken a picture to compare before and after but it is a if there wa never a dent . the dent wa at a corner of the frame so it wa not just a simple bump out . he had go resculpt the corner . a true artist , he bumped out edge and repainted/buffed the finish . also a really great guy he is super fun to talk to and mentioned he is been working on car since he wa 18 ! ( 40 some year ago ) 5/5 would come again .
i wa referred to bonura and sattler auto body by my mechanic after a fender bender . called them up and talked to bob , the owner . he wa so nice on the phone . after describing the problem he said bring it in tomorrow morning and i will do it for free . and a promised , he fixed my car and did not charge me a cent . he and his staff were very polite , respectful and accommodating . you could tell that they cared about doing a good job . it wa fun to talk to bob . i will go there again for sure and will spread the word about how great an experience i had there .
a a chinese american college student from nyc who got stuck in pittsburgh with it useless public transportation ( circa 1998 ) , i desperately missed home-style chinese food for the better part of my first two year here . thing turned around for me once i got a car ( or made friend with car ) , but i wa seriously hurting for a while.tasty wa one of the place we found . back in the day , it wa owned and ran by a typical restaurant-owning chinese family . they had the work - pushy lao ban niang ( bos lady ) , chef slash dad , and , during school off-hours , junior high school daughter manning the cashier . if they were in nyc , they will only be missing an ami ... . a bus boy . the food wa pretty good , and if you order in chinese , the lao ban niang hooked you up with extra because `` your parent teach you good to talk chineees '' . i am pretty sure tasty is under new ownership now . the food is not a good a it wa , but the restaurant still give off the home-style look and feel . it is a small restaurant with enough seating for about 25-30 patron . cheap table , cheap seat ; after all , restaurant extra are just a waste of money . the customer should come back for the food , this *is* a restaurant.the new waitress is not friendly , but she get the job done . the food is still good - so if you are craving a home cooked meal , you will be somewhat satisfied here . do not expect grandma is cooking , though . order the vegetable , the mapo tofu is good , beef/chicken chow fun , etc . they have a lot of other staple item on the menu too . do not get the salted pork chop - save that craving for orient kitchen . try thing , and share your thoughts.tasty - it is more than your neighborhood take out joint.- written by a former junior high school daughter cashier
i recently pop in to this restaurant and got a black bean pork on rice . it wa great ! ! the vegetable wa fresh , the source wa not too heavy and the meat wa tasty ! !
pretty solid chinese takeout . they have a $ 10 minimum on campus food and delivered in le time than expected . the szechuan eggplant wa not spicy at all , but it did have a nice assortment of mixed vegetable ( broccoli , zucchini , corn , carrot , etc . ) . the vegetable egg roll seemed pretty tough - i do not know that i would order them again.overall , i am pretty pleased . i already like this place - even the big neon sign that just say `` tasty '' on the storefront . ( this is how i am going to refer to it - ie , `` do you want some takeout from tasty ? '' ) i also love that one of their lunch menu option is fried rice , soup & an egg roll for $ 2.95 ! i will almost definitely order from here again .
food : there are countless option to choose from for vegetarian or carnivore , but the food is only so-so . we have ordered takeout numerous time due to proximity , and nothing ha been bad , but nothing ha been special . the general tso is tofu and the moo shu vegetable are the best thing we have ordered . the eggplant wa soggy and not great . the portion are large . nothing is particularly spicy even if it is mentioned a being spicy on the menu.price : tasty is cheap . drink : n/aatmosphere : typical chinese takeout place . a photo of every single meal they offer is on the wall . located in the plaza next to pizza parma . decent location for that end of shadyside.service : the employee speak poor english but can usually understand what you are askingt/telling them . the food is usually ready for takeout within 10-15 minute . ( + ) : many option , cheap , ready quickly ( - ) : food is nothing to write home aboutwould i go back again ? if i am feeling too lazy/broke to go anywhere else .
this place feature everything you can expect from a standard hole-in-a-wall chinese restaurant . there is zero ambiance , offer quick take-out and the service is rude . i decided to give tasty a try because it is conveniently located on highland avenue and ha easy parking.i ordered the kung pao chicken and crab rangoon . sadly , they prepared kung pao beef instead . it is extremely disappointing to receive the wrong food . it is even more disappointing when the restaurant refuse to correct the order . while it wa not what i ordered , the food wa good ... but there is better chinese food out there .
note : tasty ha a credit card minimum of $ 10 and ha a parking lottasty is another standard chinese takeout place - it did not blow my mind but overall it wa good , especially considering the price . before i continue , i will come out and say that all of the food wa a little tough - the eggroll especially ( a wa warned ) - and the rice had some dark spot ( i assume it wa from the bottom of the cooking vessel ) . however , i will chalk some of it up to my mistake because i thought they closed a half hour later , than they did , and consequently ordered about 10 minute before they closed . so , tasty , you get a pas on the riceanyhow , i ordered a vegetable eggroll ( $ 1.50 ) and general tso is tofu ( $ 8.25 ) ( i have learned to accept my guilty pleasure ) . i ordered the general tso is extra spicy - it wa not . also , the tofu wa in very large chunk , which ha seemed to be my luck lately . i want surface area , and i do not want to have to figure out how to cut my food with chopstick . i will say , though , that the sauce wa very tasty - enough to seal the deal for a future order at this place.the eggroll , a i said , wa tough.. it tasted good , but it wa tough , and small ... this probably will not be in my future order , however with the $ 10 minimum i do need to order something else with my tofu ... i hope the soup is good.the lady behind the counter wa friendly and wa decent on the phone and did not once mention that they were closing so close to when i ordered . portion size wa good , for the $ 10.44 it cost me , i will definitely be able to make a lunch out of what is left .
my wife and i have been going here for a long a we have lived in pittsburgh , which is about 10 year . this is our go-to chinese restaurant , even after we moved out of the neighborhood . i have never had a bad meal here , and i will forever love their beef chow fun ! my wife and i are moving to north carolina in two day , and tasty chinese wa the thing about pittsburgh that we said we would miss the very most . these are great folk , and i wish them the best of success in the future . remember , everyone , just because you read a negative review it doe not mean that the food is bad ! some people just have lousy taste bud , and many people have no idea what they are ordering to begin with . try thing for yourself , and you will find some great food at tasty !
tasty is pittsburgh is best kept secret for cantonese cuisine . if you are chinese and miss your mum is cooking , this is the place to go ! ! ! the service is fast , the food is cheap and they serve you gummies to end of the meal ! did i mention that there is a designated parking lot right infront of the store ? do not order the american standard of general tso is and moo goo gai pan , unless you really want to . this is the place to get really authentic home cooked food . order the steam ground pork , or steam ground pork with egg , the tofu , veggie and mushroom dish on the special menu written in chinese ( second from the right ) , the cold steamed chicken with ginger , or the chicken with mushroom , or the pork chop with pepper sauce , or the shrimp with egg and the list go on . if you have an occasion , say a graduation dinner , the restaurant will even roast you a duck ( yum ! ) , or stir fry up some lobster with ginger and scallion ( big yum ! ) or stew you some pork with lotus root soup ( super yum ! ) . and they will arrange the table nicely , and cover them up with some festive table cloth . the owner are also really accomodating with regard to changing the menu at short notice and special request . if you need to refrigerate a cake , they will gladly oblige . they do not serve alcohol , it a byob place . the best part , a ten course dinner for 11 people will set you back about $ 120 or so including tax and tip ( menu included roast duck and lobster ) ! my husband and i have been eating at this little hole in the wall for year now and we are really going to miss it when we move . the owner are really nice and the food is great !
tasteless food that arrived over an hour after it wa ordered and wa cold . will never order from here again .
not tasty at all .
ordered the lunch special with sesame bean curd + steamed rice + veggie egg roll . the food wa great , and you get a lot for $ 5.65 . my friend got general tso is chicken with fried rice , and she enjoyed her meal a well.the lady at the counter wa very friendly and refilled our water often during lunch . when we were done eating , she gave u little japanese mango gummy candy on our way at the door.i would definitely come back for lunch here -- it is nothing fancy , but very reasonably priced and , well , tasty . : )
i am giving this place a solid 3. i have had better cheap chinese and i have had worse . first off , let me just say take out is probably the way to go . our server wa nearly impossible to understand and we drank water out of tiny styrofoam cup that we had to wait for her to refill.i ordered the crab rangoon , a shrimp springroll , and chicken fried rice . the rangoon wa pretty good , the springroll wa just a clump of grease , and the rice wa good . my friend ordered beef and broccoli , an egg roll , and general tso is . they were not too impressed with their meals.as far a food , this place seems to be pretty hit or miss . the price make it worth ordering take out or delivery , but i would not waste my time eating in here .
never received my order and wa left in a bad mood . the driver did not carry gps for delivery , did not know my address which is right in squirrel hill , did not listen to me ( or did not understand me ? ) when i tried to give him direction , asked me to pick up food from an intersection 0.3 mile away from my apartment in snow , and finally yelled at me to cancel my order . can not comment about food , but whatever experience i had left a bad taste .
-3 . food arrived 2 hr late . the delivery driver wa the guy from the pizza place next door and did not know anything about the order . food wa luk-warm when it arrived . the food wa completely inedible . the sweet and sour chicken wa disgusting . it wa a neon pink color and tasted like dried out chewy dog food . beef tasted like it wa bad and honestly i nearly puked after the first mouthfull . the only thing that wa edible wa the rice , which wa average at best . there is $ 20 down the drain . never again .
went here last night for takeout since our normal place is currently renovating their kitchen . we ordered fried dumpling which were just ok. we also ordered some shrimp lo mein and general tsos chicken . these were some of the best entree that i have gotten from a takeout place . the lo mein wa perfectly cooked and wa not greasy at all . the shrimp were also cooked perfectly . the general tsos may be some of my favorite i have ever gotten . it wa not spicy like i requested , but the chicken wa still crispy after having to drive it home and the sauce wa very savory . overall i probably will crave the food from here and will be back , on a night when i do not mind driving to pick up .
i wish there wa a zero star option to give . this may be some of the worst `` chinese '' i have ever been delivered . first off , everything wa dripping everywhere . the entire bag wa a soggy mess . then we get to the chicken chow mein . i am not even sure they bothered to cook that . my boyfriend could not even look at it once taking a bite , it made him sick . next up , the `` general tso is bean curd . '' under cooked and not properly drained of any water . i do not know what that sauce wa made from but it wa disgracing all general tso is sauce by existing . the egg roll , a chinese classic , were so dark and hard , i am not sure how we could have possibly eaten them . the crab rangoon is ... generally these are my favorite thing at a chinese restaurant . i am not sure what they think they are attempting to pas for crab rangoon is here . these monstrosity were completely inedible . the only thing they did not mess up on our order wa the rice . it tasted and looked like rice . when we called to complain i wa told the restaurant said they did nothing wrong and would not do anything about the situation . awesome . now my stomach is upset from the few bite i took.i am pretty sure this place should change it is name to `` inedible slop '' because it is far from `` tasty . ''
this is a little hong kong restaurant gem in shadyside.but first a disclaimer , if your idea of classic chinese food run to general tso or kung pau chicken , chow mein , egg roll or ( perish the thought ) crab rangoon then this place is really not for you although much of the business this place doe is takeout/ delivery of the type of american chinese dish i mentioned above the forte of tasty chinese restaurant is real hong kong style food . unfortunately a great deal of what is on their regular menu and with the delivery service is comprised of the american version of chinese food.the first time i came to this place they only gave me the american iced menu.but having lived in the bay area for many year i scoped out the hong kong style menu and vowed to order from it the next time i went to tasty and i did.now i just pick up the hong kong menu automatically when i come in.their hong kong dish are some of the best i have had in pittsburgh.the garlic eggplant in a velvety sauce combine the right hint of spiciness with sweet and virtually melt in your mouth.the salted squid ( what is usually known a salt and pepper squid ) ha a light , crispy coating with a minimum of oil and the texture of the squid isjust a tiny bit chewy but not too much so.texture in squid is a daunting thing to get just right.i am a chow fun freak anyway but their shrimp chow fun with egg sauce is the best i have ever tasted with slightly charred noodle fresh dhrimp and a wonderful egg scramble sauce . recently i had a friend visiting from san francisco and took him here ( kind of a test to see if my view of this place wa somehow off ) and he raved about everything especially this chow fun dish.to sum up , if you want to experience the best of tasty please order from the hong kong menu.since . i do not order american chinese dish here i can not comment on them but i guess the genius of this place is authentic south chinese dish ( a evidenced by the chinese family i have seen eating here ) not the usual pseudo chinese dish many people seem to order here.i expect the chef/cook here just doe not have his heart in crab rangoon or chow mein .
eating a i type . first time ordering here . crab rangoon - cooked to perfection . downfall is there is barely anything stuffed inside . you do not taste a thing . biggest disappointment.fried rice - average . it is rice . no sign of egg just a lot of onion . not bad though . general tso is - pretty good . it is spicy like i requested . sauce wa all at the bottom , just needed a stir . chicken wa cooked nearly perfect , some a little chewy but better than the normal weird and slimy chicken you get . sauce is really good . ordered via eat street and took about 20 min to be delivered to bloomfield . pretty fast . i will order again . definitely would not try the rangoon again . and that is one of my favorite apps .
holy bat ball did this place have bad food ! nothing but flavorless , americanized chinese food . asked for a few item to be a spicy a possible and got card board . never , ever again .
i unapologetically love tasty chinese . aside from the slightly higher bar of quality that their food provides , i have found comfort in never ordering a dish i did not like . the friendly staff , clean table , and stellar turnaround time on order ha made tasty my go-to in term of east end chinese order for pick-up.my usual order for three people includes crab rangoon or egg roll , hot and sour soup , general tso is chicken , fried rice , and lo mein . i encourage you to order whatever you want , though , because it is all pretty ... pretty ... pretty tasty .
excellent for take out . the food off their cantonese menu is excellent . the american menu is good also , just that i do not like americanized chinese food .
yo folk , this is the best authentic cantonese cruisine in town . do not order the americanized chinese food . order from the chinese menu !
well , where do i start ? i ordered the singapore chow fun , mixed vegetable in garlic sauce and the typical wan ton soup . all greatly overpriced . must be the area ... i will preface this with how kind the `` owner '' wa . very kind , gave me minor change without question.soup first . zero flavor , zero filling , frozen wan ton ? if not , which i highly doubt , whomever made them should quit or be fired . they most certainly sat in broth for hour . i could not even pick them up . they fell apart . veg second . fresh vegetable , thanks for that . again no effing flavor . watery sauce , no heat . just bad . and finally . the worst part of it all . singapore chow fun . this is a curry based thin noodle dish . the curry wa obviously burnt in the pan or wok before anything else wa mixed into it . see pic of giant ball of noodle that tasted like the burnt curry . not sure if this is from everyone else in this area ordering the typical american garbage chinese food and they do not make it often , or what . i have had this dish a million time better , in much lesser place for $ 2 le . price doe not matter to me at all , though . it wa just inedible . all noodle , no filler . avoid if you want anything but americanized junk food .
my standard are fairly low for small chinese take-out restaurant , and tasty meet that standard . my go-to order is always the general tso is tofu which i have had several time . the tofu is usually mushy and the sauce is a bit too sweet , but it is all tolerable . i would say they are on par with the quality of other average chinese restaurant , but the price are on the higher end . the lunch deal are a great value though if you are someone looking for a low cost alternative . i have never had great interaction with the employees/owners . they are not the most welcoming and their english is very broken so there is always some sort of miscommunication . this is not my top choice for chinese take-out for sure , but i guess there are worse option out there .
home of the italian army.i grew up on vento is and have been coming since they were in their old location when sears wa still there before home depot wa built.vento is is located in the east liberty section of pittsburgh right next to home depot . they have been in business forever ! they are a pizza and hoagie shop . they are famous for their italian army hoagie . i have friend that a soon a they land in pittsburgh they come straight to vento is for the pizza ! it is sicilian style pizza and it is delicious ! everything is made fresh so sometimes you have to wait a little while for your food . it is best to call ahead if you are really hungry.they have table and booth for seating . you can even play the pa lottery there . no debit or credit card . cash only ! ( f.y.i . there is a generic atm that charge $ 1.75 to make a withdraw . )
good pizza and hoagy . it is always busy . cash only .
slow service and average pizza . convenient to home depot .
i love the history and the atmosphere.. albert vento is in myron cope book and is a staple in da burgh ... he started `` franco is italian army '' ! ! ! ! ! ! vento is italian army hoagy , , and amazing pizza .
if you love the steelers , you got ta love ventos ... i love the history and the atmosphere.. albert vento is in myron cope book and is a staple in da burgh ... he started `` franco is italian army '' ! ! ! ! ! ! you have to try vento is italian army hoagy , , and amazing pizza ... i love literally all food sean the chef make ... the secret sauce is phenom on calzones too..
i had heard lot of good thing about vento is . unfortunately i did not get to experience these thing . the service wa slow and lukewarm . the pizza wa expensive and not the same price in the restaurant a advertised on the website http : //www.ventospizza.com/ . also , no credit or debit card here . you are directed to the atm in the restaurant that charge a fee of $ 1.75 . i ordered ahead and although i had to wait for my pizza when i got there i received it cold and it just wa not that good . i also ordered provolone stick which also did not taste good .
ventos is an east end tradition . the sicilian style pizza is the bomb ! it is more of a traditional working-class pittsburgh style crust . it come square , and bread like . think of men coming home from the steel mill with their thick crusty slice of square sauce & cheese pizza , circa 1955 . if you prefer the doughy ( domino or similar ) kind of pizza crust , sickeningly sweet sauce ( papa john ) or brick oven 'designer ' pizza you might not like vento is pizza . it is a workingclass style of pizza in a workingclass neighborhood . personally , i happen to love vento is pizza-my dad worked in steel mill all of his working day , lol . they also have sub , and other item like deep fried mushroom . this is a blue collar establishment in a an urban working-class neighborhood , ventos is the real deal . everything i have had from here is hearty & good .
bleh . i have tried a lot of pizza place and this is so bad . the crust is not homemade , pretty sure . i saw them take it out of a plastic bag , and it sure taste yuck . it wa not very hot either . i am definitely going elsewhere next time .
we were visiting from out of town and just spent 6 hour driving . found this place , read review on yelp which were ok , and decided to ordered two slice . hum ... sorry not slice . more like two square of cheesy bread . when we said these are not slice , the lady at the register looked confused a though pizza always look like that . we obviously are not local by the way we were dressed so the lady ( who talked terribly ) should have notified u when we first ordered it ! they also have picture of real pizza on the wall -_-it also took a really long time to cook those little thing because they were not pizza . since i wa so hungry , i ordered another square of unhappiness and it wa handed to me in the cooking wrapper not a paper plate , ugh . definitely never going there if we come to visit again !
horrible food do not waste your moneythis is the worse cardboard covered cheese & sauce so called pizza i have ever had , i have not had this garbage since grade school cafeteria food , most of the review on here rant about what a great place this is how much fun you will have there . idk where that place is cuz the one i wan in today in east liberty by the home depot wa getto beyond belief the food is bad & the people are not nice & friendly.loudness is an issue there when the lottery area ha a sign saying because of back round noise your number may be wrong . not one person there had decent customer service skill i had to ask the girl 3 time to speak up and i have excellent hearing . i ordered a small pizza i got a medium that wa greasy on top but the crust wa stale . i looked forward to getting some great pizza man this place really disappointed me today .
what a wonderful hidden gem ! my boyfriend and i have been here twice and we have raved about it both time . the service is wonderful - the employee are patient , kind and helpful . the food is not 5 star , but it is really really good and , best of all , cheap a hell ! sure the pizza may not be cut into `` pizza shape , '' but that doe not make it any le wonderful at all . everything i have ever had here is wonderful and i will definitely be taking multiple 30 minute trip back here to support this independent business .
oh i love this place . their pizza are square/rectangle ! a single slice is a little pricey for the size , so if you are going to go , get a whole pie . it is in the strangest location ( home depot is parking lot ) ! ! the picture of the founder is adorable and hilarious . love this place !
this place ha the worst service i have ever seen . i called in two cold sandwich and wa told it would be 15 min . when i got to the counter , the lady working rudely told me to wait for my name to be called because she did not have my ticket to ring up the order . um , okay ... then walk over and get it so i can pay for it ! so i waited and waited a people who came in long after me got their order . the `` worker '' just stand around and spend more time talking to the regular and trying to act like they are a big deal . i had to leave without my order after 40 minute . do not go here !
my cousin work here and that is the only reason i know about this place . the crust they use for the bread is so light and airy and i absolutely love it . it make the eating experience that much more enjoyable.i always order a slice or two with sausage and mushroom because i love the little crumbly sausage that they add to the pizza . plus if you dip it in ranch ( big fattie ) it taste even better . i took the hubby there just this week and he agreed that it is very good . they have ton of special and even more menu option . we ordered the medium pie and 12 '' hoagie for only $ 13 . really good deal and the italian hoagie wa not too bad . i do wish however that it wa a little thicker . maybe add some more lettuce and tomato for fullness . by the time we got it home it wa like eating a lunch meat sandwich . still delicious but i would have like a little more bite in my hoagie.the interior is a little outdated but they have a bunch of steeler memorabilia hanging up . also , if you like to play the lottery they have a small window for buying and playing the number . waste of money if you ask me but to each his own . btw , it is cash only here , but they do have an atm .
place is amazing.food is made to order but it come out fresh and hot ! pizza is square cut and the corner are the best .
stopped in for breakfast but wa disappointed that they did not accept debit or credit cards.very inconvenient in a world where cash is pretty much on the way out.they did however , refer me to an in store atm , but they had a high service fee for using it.they lost my breakfast business that day .
used to be the `` staple '' of the community year ago , before home depot . my mom , uncle , aunt and even grandparent would grab a bite here ever since i can remember . on a trip home , pregnant and all , i went to visit and wa extremely disappointed . i ordered a chicken salad , picked it up , drove 15 min to my family home only to discover that there wa no chicken in my chicken salad ! ! ! wtf . when i called , the guy who answered wa already anticipating my call , i assume because before i could explain to him the error , he stated `` yup ! '' and pretty much ended the call . i debated for several moment whether or not to return , but my little one made the decision for me . when i returned , i thought i will at least be offered a pop for my trouble , or even a hear felt apology for the inconvenience ... nope . my chicken wa placed on top of the salad and the young girl at the register offered me an additional ranch dressing , for my trouble . `` wow '' is all i could muster up . what happened to the ventos that wa once nestled between fox is bar and the cleaner , in front of sears ... or the one on the corner , across from that single apartment building ? now , like everything else in east liberty , this once regarded community staple is quickly transitioning to the gentrified community of tomorrow , all fluff and no substance . out with the old ( school ) , in with the new , literally . i hate that ish ...
worst pizza i have had in my entire 40 year of life . tasted like sauce and cheese on toast . frozen pizza is better than their pizza . i would not eat this pizza if it wa free .
this is a pittsburgh/shadyside institution.what can i say , this place is good-eatin ' basic italian food ! not spectacular , but when you want a good nuthin-fancy dinner , this is the place to go . the pizza is outstanding .
when you are in the mood for a good ol ' fashioned , nothin ' fancy italian restaurant , you can not beat minutello is ! my husband rick and i did not feel like cooking the other night so we came here for a nice casual dinner . man , i have not reviewed this place in nearly three year and it sure ha not changed . still ha that good old basement decor.minutello is still ha some of the best pizza in town . rick and i ordered the supreme wtih capicola , italian sausage , salami , and pepperoni ! mm-mm good ! got ta hit that gym tomorrow . and you know the best thing about ordering pizza , do not you ? it is always good the second day !
this is great , simple , traditional italian american food . the salad are good . the pizza is really great ( i stopped ordering from anywhere else ) . the veal cannelloni is awesome too .
this wa one of the worst dinner out i have had in recent memory . on the other hand , i wa not expecting much , so i guess the place lived up to my expectation . i have been trying to think of a good way to describe their food , and the best i can come up with is a follows . imagine a cafeteria pasta dinner you might have been served a a child away at summer camp , and you will have a pretty good idea . in other word , the food is perfectly edible here , but boring , and nothing you would want to actually pay for . there wa nothing disgusting about it , it wa just extremely uninspiring . to be fair , i only tried the pasta , bread , salad , soup , and calamari , so maybe they have amazing pizza here ... it is possible , although unlikely based on what i have seen.on the upside , the service wa friendly enough , and there were plenty of empty table at prime dinner time ! if you are hungry , you will definitely be full when you leave .
hand down , minutello is is overpriced cafeteria food . olive garden seems like fine dining compared to this place . you can already tell how bad your experience is going to be when they give you the complimentary bread that looked like it wa bought from a convenience store . not the crusty italian bread . the generic giant eagle whole wheat bread that i buy regularly tasted 10x better . this so-called italian bread came with pre-packed airline butter . no dipping oil with herb and spice . then we had the wedding soup which looked like it is been sitting in the kitchen since this morning and wa just reheated . we had the appetizer platter , which wa composed of allegedly banana pepper , calamari , and breaded zucchini . it wa 95 % breading . i can barely taste any calamari or zucchini . the worst wa the marinara sauce , which tasted like it came from a can . again , no herb and spice . for the entree , i ordered rigatoni and my fiance had baked ziti . the only way i can describe the sauce is : think of diluted ragu . my pasta wa also overcooked and there wa no flavor whatsoever so i had to put so much parmesan cheese . i could not even taste garlic in it . what kind of italian food ha no garlic ? the baked ziti wa overcooked and dry , and it wa tasteless according to my fiance . service wa slow , but there wa only one waitress in the restaurant . i requested warm water and it took about 40 minute until she finally served it . she wa generally nice and probably embarrassed for serving such crappy food.how much did it cost u ? $ 50 , including tip.this restaurant wa probably good back in the day . a we left the place , we saw a certificate of excellence for being one of the best restaurant in pittsburgh . in 1993 .
i went to this place because i had a livingsocial voucher . even with this voucher i feel like i paid too much money . i think i could have had better food if i went over to the giant eagle across the street and heated up a lean cuisine . i do have to wonder why the owner would put out the living social deal when what really would help business at the restaurant would be simply to improve the quality of the food.the only positive i can give are that it is not pretentious and the waiter provided very good service . it wa almost empty for a monday at 7 pm , so if you are desperately starving , not able to go to better restaurant nearby or heat up food from your local grocer is freezer , this might be a tolerable food option . again , it is advisable to be desperately starving .
based on some recent review , it look like the quality of food at minutellos ha slipped a little bit . still a i mentioned before , it is a shadyside institution located in the basement of an apartment building . anyway , the main reason to come to minutellos is for the pizza . my cousin and i did just that the other night when we were in the area . we did the whole 'build your own pizza ' thing , ordering ours with pepperoni , green pepper , onion , and mushroom . good pizza even if the place is beginning to look a little dated .
the food quality is good or not great . i do love the following . the anti-pasto is very good . i love there wedding soup . do not write this place off due to some bad review , because they are flat out wrong .
minutello is is going out of business . last day of operation is sunday , february 17 , 2013 .
this shell station is horrible.1 ) the bathroom are not inside , like getgo is . they are outside and around this sketchy corner , filthy dirty with gang sign and cigarette butt littered on the floor.2 ) the store itself is tiny and cramped with many item out of stock and 3-4 people who work *one* register.3 ) the parking lot itself is pitted and dangerous , even by pittsburgh pothole standards.4 ) this place is ghetto . this is the place all of the thug and gangster come to get their slim jims and `` hang out '' . people paid for thing in nickles and pennies.that wa my first experience at the store . my second experience ( month later -- i blame a lapse in memory ) found me driving down baum and thinking `` hey , i could use gas and my car is crazy dirty . i wonder how much that shell place is car wash is ? it will not be so bad if i never have to go inside the store . '' so i google-texted real quick and called them . after 8 ring someone picked up the phone and mumbled at me . i cheerfully asked how much the car wash wa . - '' we can not give that information over the phone '' . -- '' wait , what ! ? why not ? '' `` i just want to know to compare it to getgo is , which is $ 7 '' . - '' sorry . '' -- '' well that is stupid ; let the manager know i think he is an idiot . '' - '' sure '' . click.so come for the ebola laced bathroom , stay for the nihilistic attitude !
just like with the get-go down the road , the shell on baum is almost just a difficult to get in and out of- particularly in high traffic . and while the get-go ha a great selection of food and beverage and even a redbox , the shell doe not compete on any level ( and the price of gas is higher ) . my advice is to only go here in case of an emergency ( which wa my case , because i wa 2 mile to empty ) .
it is clear that this business just doe not have pride about where they are who they are . they are here to make money . it is frustrating because they also do not particularly need to work hard . there are not a lot of other gas station in the area particularly one that have car wash . i come here to fill up for the week and by getting a car wash i save money on my gas . they have me here for the saving . the guy behind the counter claimed he wa not hungover he just had too much benadryl . it is clear they have the perfect people to work at a gas station . perhaps he should not be here during the saturday morning rush however .
i like this place . it rarely a busy a the getgo , doe not play stupid grocery-store point pricing game , they have diesel now , and a pretty decent automatic car wash that is priced just right . it also conveniently on the right side of the road when i am heading westbound on baum.other than that , it just a gas station . but , hey , at least i can clean my car here .
be careful paying with cash here . i coughed up the $ 12 cash i had in my pocket , went out to the pump . after attempting to pump gas , and getting maybe a pint , it just stopped working . i had to wait in line again to get to the counter . after waiting , they told me it had pumped . we went round and round , with their solution being that they could print me a receipt , and i could come talk to the manager about it . this wa % 100 unacceptable , but there wa not much to do about it in the face of their utter indifference . zero effort , and a horrible attitude . i have had a history of not great experience here , and that is saying a lot . it is a gas station , how hard can it be ? it is clear that they do not care at all . this past incident just seal it . i am never going back , and you should not either .
do not use their car wash . i got my car washed here last week and came out with a huge deep straight scratch down the passenger side of my car . their insurance company is not going to pay for it and will not even send a person from their company to come look at it !
this is an adequate service station and i have used it more than once when i wa low on fuel and feared driving further . it ha air . on crowded baum blvd . it is a little hard to get in and out . i am also negative towards pump programmed to ask for a car wash before you can pump gas .
mike '' s auto body is fantastic . not only do the do great work , but the experience is great to . the shop is clean and comfortable . they have a contest with enterprise so you can pick up and drop off a rental there . they even give you a can of glass cleaner and snack when you pick up your car . they have fantastic customer service .
blown away at how mike is turned an awful situation into a very unexpectedly pleasant experience ! let is face it - everyone hate taking their car to the shop . especially when the reason you have to is bc you were in an accident on the return trip from the airport after your amazing vega vacation ( no injury or serious damage to either involved party , thankfully ) .the customer service is stellar . the staff at mike is genuinely love their job and it is evident pleasing their customer is priority one . i have to echo my fellow yelpers , a my car left mike is in better shape than before the accident . when i drove my freshly cleaned and waxed hatchback back ( hatchback back-lol ) to bloomfield , i swear i could feel how happy baby bluey wa and all wa forgiven with the fender-bender.did i mention they left a gift bag full of goody on the passenger seat , all pink-themed ? my only small complaint is my car wa not ready when originally told , but is it ever ? i will def be back to mike is !
i had to choose from a list of insurance-approved body shop to get my car repaired after an accident . mike is auto body wa nearby and more highly rated than other convenient option . they did not disappoint . the turnaround time wa quick ( le than 3 day ) and they did a great job ! my car look a though the accident never happened and i am quite pleased with the work . they had to fix a large dent and some scraped paint.the neighborhood the shop is located in is not great ( some interesting `` character '' soliciting in the intersection nearby ) , but the shop itself is clean and comfortable . i did not feel unsafe going to and from the shop in daylight.the customer service wa excellent , a well . everyone i interacted with wa professional and courteous . i wa continually updated with progress on my repair and they were actually finished a day earlier than expected . i hope i do not need to go back to mike is for repair , but i would definitely choose them again in the event of an accident !
finding someone to do quality collision repair fast and correct is always a stressful situation . i visited 3 pittsburgh body shop with mike is being the highest of quality . because of their popularity most of their work is repair via insurance company . their new building is fantastic and their staff is nice and professional . they are also a geico auto repair x-press shop and have enterprise car rental representative on site to make a rental car easy and hassle free.on their website they do provide updated picture and status a to your repair . i did find this not updated a fast a my car wa done before it stated online . no big deal though.one thing i wanted to mention is that out of the 3 repair place that i got estimate , mike is auto body wa the only place that decided it would be cost effective to replace the fender sheet metal instead of trying to pound out , bondo and sand the old damaged fender . i wa thankful for the decision they made.they also cleaned my car inside and out , put in paper floor mat , gave complimentary glass cleaner and a little goody bag for when i picked up my car.it is a shame they do not do full body paint because i know they would do a great job if they did.i highly recommend them to anybody . their location is not in such a bad area at all . i am not too far from the pittsburgh zoo and it wa only minute away.i would go back to them again for any car finish need .
i wa rear-ended with not too serious damage in july 2013 . since my car is new i really wanted my dealer to do the repair . geico sent me to mike and since their claim adjuster wa in situ a wa enterprise this wa too easy to pas up . i wa dubious but they really did an excellent job . they finished in only a few day , they were polite and my car wa clean when i picked it up . neighborhood is sketchy but i did not have any problem . i will recommend this place to anyone .
the people that work here make an unfortunate incident a breeze to work through . i woke up one morning to find a note attached to my windshield to inform me that i wa the victim of a hit and run . the damage wa minimal , but after calling it into my insurance company , they directed me to come here.within minute of me hanging up my phone with the insurance company my phone wa ringing to indicate that mike wa calling to set up an appointment to get my car in for an estimate . i set up an appointment that wa convenient for me and went about my day.when i arrived here to have my car viewed it wa quite the easy task . my wait wa minimal , the staff were polite and i wa not being jerked around . within five minute of them looking at my car , i wa out the door and heading back to my place . unfortunately , they did not do any work to my vehicle at this point because the police are still looking into the person that hit my car . but if we get to that step , i am confident that they could not do anything wrong in my eye . if their body work for a vehicle is anything like their customer service , they are definitely one of the best place to go in the city.yes people , this is not the best neighborhood in the city , but get over it .
mike is doe not really need another stellar review on here , but i will give them another one anyway.i am a choir director at a church , and after rehearsal a few week ago , one of my choir member ran into my car in the parking lot and crunched the rear bumper . bummer ... i had never had to file an insurance claim before , and wa not really sure what to expect . dealing with mike is wa about a easy a it get . i called to set up an appointment for the estimate and drove down a few day later . i wa only there about 10-15 minute and got sent on my way.a few day after that ( monday ) , i took my car in for the repair . it did take a couple day longer than they said , which is really the only negative thing i can say about mike is , but considering i did not have to pay for the rental car , it wa not a huge deal . when i did get my car back ( thursday ) , like others have said , it wa in even better condition than when i took it in ( besides the dent , of course ) ! they had cleaned/waxed the outside , and even cleaned and detailed the inside ! if they just did detailing , i would take my impreza there every time ! mike is rule !
mike took my car after horrible repairs/service from kenny ross south . the service wa great and i even got to meet the owner who came out to personally speak with me on a busy friday afternoon . great guy there .
i took my car to mike is auto body a it is recommended by geico and is part of their easy claim and repair process . this wa a big mistake . like many of the reviewer here , i wa initially told it would take a certain amount of time , and then , at the last minute , on the day i wa supposed to get my car back , they told me it would be a few more day . their excuse ? the headlamp that came in did not have a bulb with it . seriously ? since this wa the geico rep telling me this i could not really argue , but i do not know why geico keep working with a business that repeatedly doe this to it customers.i got the car back in great condition , cleaned on the outside , and the console wiped down inside . all in all , just alright - go here if you are not pressed for time and you have got geico , otherwise shop around .
i had a great experience taking my vehicle to mike is for repair after a fender bender . i used the geico express service - i booked the estimate and repair online for the next day . when i dropped off my car , they were expecting me , it took le than 30 minute and every single person i encountered at the shop wa helpful and friendly and showed concern for me . the damage wa minor , and the repair took le than 48 hour to complete . my policy provides a rental car , and enterprise wa there when i checked in with my vehicle and the rental process wa streamlined and easy . when i picked up my repaired car , it wa just a efficient and friendly . getting into an accident is frustrating and inconvenient and costly but mike is auto body made the process of fixing thing and getting me back on the road into a good experience . i wish more business treated their customer like mike is treated me .
mike did an awesome job on my srx after i dented it backing into my garage . the insurance claim adjuster wa on site a well a one of mike professional to meet me when i brought the car in . they reviewed the damage , gave me a solid estimate and took the car right then . they kept me informed of the progress of the repair . the car look amazing and they even left a gift bag in the car with a variety of car care product and other good thing a a thank you . the repair took a little longer than originally estimated but the quality of workmanship wa well worth the wait . thank you mike !
horrible experience . i wa rear ended at a stop sign , wa not my fault . mike did the repair , poorly . trunk line off , bumper line off , wire for taillight hanging , rear header panel wa pushed in from the accident . taillight pushed out after accident . mike did not repair any of these issue . even after i had told them during the estimate . also found chip dumped out on the passenger side floor . they are truly an express shop . i would not recommend them to anyone .
had a great experience at mike . i backing into a loading dock , which completely shattered my taillight and dented my side panel . i am a college student so naturally i wa very upset and worried to see how much it would cost . they made me feel comfortable and gave me a great price for the repair which only took a couple of hour ! definitely would go back again .
they did a fantastic job on my car . i did not go through insurance so of course it cost more than i wa hoping . also my car wa in the shop an extra day or two than expected . but do not get me wrong they do quality work , fair price , and paul and both of the receptionist i spoke with , are a friendly a can be . they even fixed thing that a different body shop in texas messed up on ; mike body shop fixed their mistake for under $ 12 . i highly recommend them to anyone . even tho they are not in the best of neighborhood , they do quality work for a reasonable price and they even wash , vacuum and buff your car for free . ps- they warranty all of their work the entire time you own your vehicle
hand down one of the most friendliest and honest body shop around . they look me square in the eye and told me what wa up with my vehicle . i wa hit by another individual and their insurance company told me to come here . they are highly regarded in the bbb and i know why . they even washed and polished my car inside and out . only reason i did not give it a five wa that enterprise wa the one who contacted me about my car ... and that wa because they wanted theirs back . otherwise , go here !
like all the other yelpers- i took my car here for the convenience and because they were listed a approved by my insurance ... i will never take my car anywhere else now for body work ! they are a very honest shop and they do quality work ! i even took my car there for some `` cosmetic upkeep '' not through insurance . paul went through and found the cheapest solution possible for me , knowing i wa self pay . thanks to all there !
i took my car here after a pretty nasty fender bender i wa involved in . i initially came here because they were approved and recommended by my insurance carrier , geico . all i can say is how over the top impressed i wa with the entire operation . first off the area i wa greeted in wa very clean and welcoming . i wa treated promptly and respectfully by the staff . given a realistic quote , including some extra work i wanted to have done while the car wa being worked on . i know some people on here have complained about the work taking extra time , but mine wa done a little sooner than anticipated . it wa the morning of instead of end of the day quoted , but i will take it . the car looked amazing too . the work wa absolutely top notch.the kicker for me though wa i did not have rental policy on my insurance , so mike is provided me with a loaner car for the duration of the repair . what amazing customer service . i can not recommend these guy highly enough .
we were in an accident and our insurance recommended we go to mike is . we dropped off the car a few day before christmas , understanding that the holiday would mean there would be a delay . we did not get the car back from them for about a month after that ( the damage wa not *that* extensive . it wa basically a fender bender ) . communication wa horrible ; we had to call them , they would not call u . after three week , we called and they promised it would be done on a certain day . we called the day before to confirm that the car wa ready and were told that they forgot to order a part and it would be two more day . called two day later to confirm it wa ready . `` no , it is not ready yet . we will call you when it is . '' day passed and no call . finally called them again and they said `` yeah , your car wa ready yesterday . '' are we supposed to be psychic ? we picked up the car and before even getting it home , the `` check engine '' light came on . we took it back to mike is and they said they just needed to reset the computer . they did so and the light went off . left and halfway home , `` check engine '' light came back on . we took it to another mechanic and found out that mike is missed quite a few thing , resulting in several hundred dollar in additional repair . now we have to submit all kind of paperwork to the insurance company to add a supplement to the original insurance claim . not fun !
unbelievable service and professionalism . super fast work and done right . thats what you get from a business that span a generation and is a local success story .
i never grew up with a pet so getting one wa a new experience . i had always heard kill/no-kill shelter whatever ... i got my new dog crosby from arl which happens to be a `` kill shelter '' . thinking about this , i felt truly good getting him there because i felt a though i wa saving him from some other destiny . however , he is so cute that i am sure someone else would have adopted him ... the shelter itself is large and the volunteer and vet-techs that you interact with are very friendly . the dog are constantly walked and you can tell the animal receive a ton of love from the staff . adoption is made easy unless you rent in which case you should probably bring a letter from your landlord stating you are allowed to adopt . another perk is that when crosby had `` kennel cough '' we went after hour to get him some medication and they still let u in and treated him ... in short , great adoption experience at arl .
this is an animal shelter with a tremendous heart . while i realize it is more popular to back the more selective ( aka `` no-kill '' ) shelter around pittsburgh , the `` open door '' policy place the arl at the top of my list . where the so-called no-kill shelter can afford to be choosy and accept all-star pet , the arl will accept any pet , from a private owner , someone who find a stray , or even the city is animal control . a small , over-extended staff collaborates with a dedicated troop of volunteer , and manages to adopt thousand and thousand of pet each year into family home . i have adopted two cat from this shelter , and also participated in the adoption of several friend ' pet here , too . the paid staff can be spread a little thin , especially if you come on a friday afternoon/evening , or a weekend morning . guess what , lot of people want to adopt a pet on the weekend when they have extra time to help it settle in . so do not be surprised to find crowd of potential adopter and exhausted staff ! ! ! for a quieter experience , try a weekday . for the most intimate pet-finding experience , go during a steelers game . seriously , you will have the place to yourself . is it sacrilegious to tell you to do anything during a steelers game ? whoop . the arl list some of their pet on petfinder , but i have found that the selection on the adoption floor is often too vast & quick moving for them to keep the profile online updated -- what i am trying to get at is this : do not get super attached to a pet online , because there is a reasonable chance it already ha a home . and do not avoid a trip because you do not see anyone you like online . there are more future fur-friends waiting for you at the shelter . the staff of volunteer is extraordinary - i adopted one of my cat directly out of a foster home , and the volunteer must have gone out of her way to come to the shelter at my convenience and explain all the in-home habit of my future baby . i had such a positive experience with her , and the shelter . they invite you to send update and picture a your new pet adjusts . yes , the staff & volunteer have a vested interest in the pet and want to know how thing go ! the rate for adoption vary , depending on the season , so if your finance require some help to acquire your new best friend , keep an eye on their website for info about `` sale . '' you can also donate old sheet , towel , pet carrier , and toy for the animal who stay here on their way to permanent home . i donate a big pile of worn towel and sheet every time i sort my linen closet . they also accept can $ h donation to help keep up with expense . maybe i seem like an over-enthusiastic cheerleader of this place , but the fact is that this organization connected me with two very important cat in my life , and every scratch on my arm , every litter box , and every fur-covered outfit in my life is due credit to their tireless effort . bravo , arl , the pet & their family thank you .
this shelter is fantastic and ha generally very good , friendly people on staff . the cat and dog appear to be treated at least a well a one might expect.when i adopted one of my cat at this establishment , i had to return the next day to have her spayed . they did it for free , which wa great , but the reason they do not get five star is that the desk clerk completely forgot about my cat and me , and she left u waiting a she chatted on her cell phone with a friend : she only remembered about u a she wa walking out for a smoke and saw u sitting in the lobby .
i adopted my dog , paco , a pitbull mix on memorial day weekend . he wa a crazy wild dog , that had been returned twice before . he clearly needed some work , but wa a sweet , handsome boy , and i could not pas him up ! the arl offered u help in free obedience class , and also offered u a donated crate . we ended up taking him to pat moloney is k9 academy to finish his training , and with a lot of hard work and dedication , he is a fantastic dog , and a great companion.the arl facility wa very nice and clean , the staff wa helpful , and it is a product of it is volunteer for sure ! they were all helpful and seem to know paco a we walked him out of the shelter ! thing i liked most about the arl : helpful staff & volunteersclean environmentmeet & greet roomsoutside play area to observe the dog off leashon-site vet/clinicsmall store to purchase necessitieson-site training , and helpful tip from staff regarding trainingthey care . all of them . from staff to volunteer , they all care and it shows.things i disliked : nothing .
i am a crazy cat lady and proud of it ! being a volunteer here ha been so fulfilling on many different level . it ha made me feel so good to be able to help out with something that i feel passionately about . you can tell that the staff put a lot of effort into taking care of these animal they accept in . a lot of time people will say , oh i can not do it , it is too sad . but the thing is , it is not . it is actually so great because these animal come here and find loving home instead of being on the street or in an environment that is toxic . i rarely see animal there for a long time . i think that is a testament to the way they are treated while they are in the facility . now i will admit , i am not the biggest dog fan , so i help out in the cat shelter . i can talk about that with a lot more knowledge than the dog side . they just built a new cat facility on their property so they have their own shelter . the cat are all set up in a huge room . they have two room for people to play with the cat when they are looking to adopt them . these room are also used for `` cat cuddling . '' that is what i do when i volunteer . i get to take the cat out so that they can play , be cuddled or just run around . then the cat are able to get out of the cage and get used to human contact . the other great thing about the arl is that they have foster parent who take in cat and dog while they are waiting to be adopted . this way , they get a great home environment and it relief the facility of having too many animal at one time . at different point in the year the adoption rate are different depending on the amount of animal they have . cat rate are usually cheaper in the spring/summer because there is more coming in and dog rate are cheap in the late summer month . the added bonus of adopting a pet from the arl is that they are spade or neutered when you adopt them . it is actually cheaper then taking them to a normal vet on your own . i would strongly recommend coming here to check out the animal and hopefully find your next furry friend ! or you can volunteer ! they have volunteer informational session the first saturday of every month . after that you only have one training session to complete and you are ready to volunteer ! just check it out if you are curious . you will not regret it ! your new furry friend will appreciate it a well !
i have an almost three-year-old cat named jack that i spoil a if he were my son . i honestly never experienced the love for and from an animal until i adopted jack from an animal rescue league . it wa one of the best decision i have ever made.the shelter is great and i will probably get another cat in the near future . check this location out !
a few year ago , i decided that i wanted to get a pet and so i volunteered at the arl for a number of month in order to learn about the different breed of cat and dog . it wa an invaluable experience and really helped me to learn about dog behavior . i still serve a a cat foster from time to time.the staff here have a tough and sometimes heart-breaking job . it is not for the faint of heart but they are all very nice and do their best by the animal and the people who come in to adopt and surrender the poor beasts.ultimately , i did not get my doggy from the arl ( sometimes the heart doe not get give you a choice ) but my experience there have really taught me a lot about animal and have only served to heighten my love for my 10yr old rescue pup .
great place to find a dog or a cat
i adopted another cat in february and both my cat are the best of friend . it took a while to get there , but trust me , they are pal now.adopt an animal today !
i volunteer a a dog coach twice a week and i am absolutely in love with the arl . there are two beautiful baby , whom i have walked for week , that i wan na mention ( these lady would be mine if i did not already have a grumpy basset and an elderly shiz zhu @ home ) : bunny ( my girl ! ! bunny ear , and the sweetest temperament ) : http : //www.animalrescue.org/available-petshoney ( i love her to death , 6 year old , just want to be loved ! ! ) : http : //www.animalrescue.org/available-petsstop by the arl ! it is worth the trip . : )
i have gotten two great dog from arl over the year the staff is polite and really care about the animal and finding them the right home . they get the animal the best vet care they can and i believe they have an on site clinic . i would suggest even if they have a special on adoption price pay the full amount if you can . from what i see they take great care of the animal and could use all the money they can to make sure this continues .
i could never stop saying good thing about the animal rescue league ! a other reviewer have pointed out , going there both break and warms your heart . i adopted my puppy , brock , back in january , and i could not be happier . the staff wa super helpful and very kind . they gave u enough time to make sure brock wa the right dog for u , and also made sure we knew what we were getting ourselves into . ( brock is a husky mix , so he is a ball full of energy . great running buddy ! : ) ) i will most definitely be back and plan on telling all friend considering a pet to adopt from the arl !
animal rescue league is great ! but , i am very disappointed by their dog trainer/behaviorialist , lacey . i have a large papillon ( a `` throwback '' , a my vet called him ) , whose previous owner neglected and undersocialized him for the first two year of his life . a a result , he is now extremely fearful when taken outside the home , and he becomes overstimulated and aggressive . i brought him to one of arl is saturday small dog class , but he freaked out , and we were asked to leave . lacey said she will be in contact to set up a private class . she called a few day later , and we arranged a private class for 6pm on a wednesday . i made arrangement to leave work early to drive back into the city and get my pup some help ! it is hard to anticipate exactly how much traffic there will be on fifth ave during rush hour , so i wound up playing it overly safe and arriving 10 minute early for our class . after a few minute , lacey noticed u and came outside to tell me that she wa running fifteen minute behind . i wa not sure what to do , because i could not really go anywhere with my cray-cray dog , and there wa too much traffic to go home and come back again . so , she said we could wait inside in a small hallway . we went in to wait , and naturally , with all the smell and sound , my pup got a bit riled up . but , we waited ... and waited and waited . at 6:25pm , i knocked on the door to the training room . silence . so , i opened it . nobody wa there , and the door to the outside wa open . i peeked out , and there she wa , with the people and dog that had the lesson before me . i waited for a moment , hoping she will notice me and look at her watch or something , but nope.so , i took my dog and walked outside to my car . she turned and looked at me , but did not acknowledge me in any way . i went and sat in my car with my dog for a few minute , hoping the other folk , their dog , and lacey would wrap thing up , but no . they just continued on . at 6:35pm , i knew i could not wait any longer , because i had work i still needed to finish up that had to be done by 9pm . i got out of my car , and began walking towards lacey . she just stared at me , rather than saying `` we are just finishing up , '' or `` sorry , i lost track of time , '' or anything at all . so i said , `` we are going to have to reschedule . it is past 6:30 now , and i can not stay past 7 . '' she simply replied , `` okay . i will call you . '' i thought it wa rude and unprofessional to not offer any type of apology , or even a half-hearted explanation , but whatever . no one said she had people skill , i suppose , and this wa about getting my dog help ! well , it is been a week and a half . no call from lacey ! needle to say , i will be finding another , more reliable trainer . i am just really disappointed , not only in her unprofessionalism , but also her lack of caring about my dog . i barely had any interaction with lacey , but even if there wa something about me she did not like , she should have cared more about helping a pup that obviously need it . i sincerely hope that others have had better experience , and i hate to knock even a single star off for arl -- but this yelp review seems to be my only way of warning others to seek another trainer for their dog behavioral need ! : (
i love , love , love my puppy . after visiting every shelter in the city and finding nothing , we came back the next day after seeing a posting for a 2 month old terrier mix . our poor little guy had been dumped in a park and some very nice person brought him to the arl who took him in , waited 3 day for someone to claim him , and neutered him . he wa not even supposed to be on the floor yet when we got there , but they were super helpful and brought him out to u and let u take him home . the staff there were super helpful and wonderful to my incredibly anxious fiance- imagine a first time dad bringing home the baby ! the only reason they only get 4 star is my poor puppy is so sick . we have had him for 3 week and he is got an awful cough that ha not been responsive to any antibiotic . i know it hard to keep all the dog isolated , but i really think 8 week is a little too early to neuter a puppy especially after being found in a park- too much stress ! hopefully our little guy start getting better soon , we are awfully worried about him ! still love the arl though !
a few year ago , i lost my partner and love of my life in a tragic accident . while struggling with my horrific grief and having difficulty getting back into life a i once knew it , my grief counselor suggested that i `` help something else '' in order to help myself feel better . we decided that since i wa an animal lover i would try volunteering at an animal shelter . i wa not working , so i had a lot of time and wanted the shelter to feel right . i visited a few , they all do good work , but the one that kept drawing me back wa the arl . yes , the building is old , it is a bit run down , but that doe not stop the staff and administration from doing the best they can with so very little and in not the best of space . i saw a bathroom be `` renovated into a vet tech office , i saw the janitor is closet renovated and made in to the `` rodent room . '' where cat once lived in cage along the hall of the arl a new building next door , an old gas station wa made into the `` cat adoption center ! '' when you have staff that are still young and are going on 5-10 year + at the same shelter , ( same place of employment for that matter ) you know something about the place is right ! i volunteer easily 30 hour a week at the arl , i get to see the good , the bad and the ugly , and i can tell you first hand that the good is in the staff , the executive director , dan rossi , and all of the work that go on for the animal . the staff know every one of the animal , they do all they can to care for them , and keep the door wide open for both domestic and wild animal , even if that mean a staff member or volunteer take a cat or dog home ! the answer is never ever `` no '' to any animal . i also volunteer for the humane society of the united state and travel around the countryside working on dogfighting raid , cruelty , hoarding , natural disaster , and the arl ha never said no to me when i ask to bring animal back from incredibly sad or inhumane situation . technically , by the number , it is a `` no-kill '' shelter , because it is open door people will often call it a `` kill shelter . '' yes , sometimes an animal doe have to be euthanized . the arl is the animal control shelter for the city of pittsburgh and with that can bring some very upsetting and disturbing sign of animal cruelty . it can also mean it is the dog who just bit a kid that you just saw on the news . the arl ha an obligation to society to not let dangerous dog back on the street , to euthanize when a dog is very sick or is very aggressive to human or other animal , and trust me , i have held many of those dog a they are put to sleep and i always am so thankful that the vet staff we have are so compassionate and do the euthanasia in the most humane manner . that is a tough job , it is heartbreaking , but in some case it ha to be done for the good of the animal and for the safety of society . i admire the work and staff of the arl and will continue to devote my time to them and thank them for the wonderful work they do on behalf of the city of pittsburgh and all of the wild and domestic animal alike . we are so lucky to have them in our area and a our city shelter .
the arl is great ! earlier in the month , we mistakenly adopted 2 pit bull . after they killed my rabbit and got loose a few time , we felt they were too much and gave them up . the people who worked there were really understanding and asked u a lot of question so a to provide the best care for them until they are hopefully adopted by the right people . sorry chloe and coco . : ( they are a no-kill shelter too . always a huge plus .
please do not adopt any pet from here until they update their standard . i hate to think of animal living in cage , but ... ! ! at least two cat adopted from here in september have diagnosed with the herpes virus by the vet , and this is contagious to other cat . ! ! aka , it is likely that the shelter staff is not washing hand between handling pet and they are not testing for a virus that can be fatal in kittens.i recently adopted a kitten from their shelter -- i picked him up from their pittsburgh public market adoption station . i wa told that he had been tested for common feline virus and up-to-date on vaccination . these were both untrue statement . the kitten ha the herpes virus and wa not vaccinated against this . my roommate , who wa with me , and i were warned about the upper respiratory infection ( uri ) that can occur because of this virus and others , but we were not told that he wa neither tested nor vaccinated for the herpes virus . they gave me a paper with his vaccination , but it wa in vet-speak , so i took their word for it . furthermore , the shelter staff put my kitten in my roommate is name mistakenly ( and claimed that if we just called in that they would fix this mistake , but then would not ) , so when he got sick , no one from their clinic would return my call -- i am guessing this wa since i wa not the owner according to their record . i had to email them to get a response , which basically said sorry that we did not return your call but this is your problem now . they never apologized for the kitten is health or asked if he wa feeling better . where is the compassion for the animal ? so now i have a very sick kitten on my hand . i took him to the big easy in lawrenceville when he stopped eating , and dr. ruiz is the best . she took care of him , but it cost $ 160 to treat the virus he picked up at the shelter.the animal rescue league shelter/clinic said that it doe not and will not cover expense for this . after i had already taken him elsewhere , the clinic staff said that they would have given me a discount if i had waited two day to go to their clinic , but who would wait two day while the kitten would not eat ? ? and now this virus make him ineligible for pet insurance . it will cost hundred of extra dollar a year to keep him healthy . had i not fallen in love with the little monster , i would have taken him back to another shelter . that is what the person who adopted the other kitten with virus did . whenever he get an outbreak , he will get another uri . this mean a lethargic cat who sneeze , gag , and cough because he can not breathe and who will not eat because he is too congested to smell his food . it is very sad -- protect your cat with the herpes vaccination , please ! oh , and in case you were wondering : just like in human , cat herpes is fo ' life . poor little guy . this also ruin my plan of getting another cat in the future . bad shelter !
i adopted a dog from the arl this past spring . during the adoption process the employee were polite and seemed genuinely happy for me . shortly after the adoption , i received email from a volunteer to check in and to inquire about how the dog and i were adjusting . a few month after the adoption , it became clear that the dog had some pretty serious anxiety and behavioral issue ( please note that there is no way the shelter staff could have known about the issue while the dog wa in the shelter ) . i contacted the shelter and they practically bent over backwards to help me with the dog is issue . the dog and i participated in two session of behavioral class ( lacey is wonderful and never gave up on my dog ! ) , consulted with veterinary staff , and received constant email from staff offering suggestion and checking in to see how i wa doing . in the end , i learned how to manage the dog is behavior and i love the dog dearly . nine month later , i still receive email from the shelter asking about the dog and offering more suggestions.i would highy suggest adopting from this shelter . i understand that my dog is sort of a worse-case-senerio of adopting a pre-owned dog ; however , this shelter will make sure you are happy with your adoption and literally will do everything in their power to ensure both you and the adopted animal are ok . the shetler staff care deeply about the animal and the human is well-being !
our cat recently came down with some health issue that we could not afford to address . he wa in pain and we decided the humane thing wa to put him to sleep . we went to the arl and asked the receptionist there if we had any other option available to u . `` well basically the only thing you can do is sign him over for euthanasia '' she said in the most uncaring , apathetic voice possible . we were heartbroken of course . `` go wait by that door and someone will meet you . '' after a few minute another woman came out and took the carrier . `` i will bring your carrier back out in a minute . '' we said no , that is okay , keep the carrier . she said okay and took our cat to the back . and that wa it . no kind word , no sympathetic gesture , no `` would you like a moment before i take him ? '' no `` i am sorry . '' nothing . for u this wa one of the worst day of our life but nobody at the arl seemed to care , or at least have been trained to pretend to care , one bit . they get a couple star for offering a necessary service . but other than that , this place will only be associated with making a terrible day that much worse with their lack of caring or empathy .
staff member here have always come up short . a past kennel worker sold his litter of pit bull puppy in east liberty and the shelter wa made aware of it but excused it . they will lie to surrendering family because they do not want the cold hard truth , the good , bad and the ugly to leak out to the public . they lie ! they kill many many animal because of a very subjective behavioral test that their dog hating staff performs .they kill more pet for space than any other pittsburgh shelter.many volunteer walk on eggshell here because they know an animal life is hanging in the balance and they are afraid to speak up or not allowed back in to volunteer . weak leadership . this is the city highest cat and dog death rate of any shelter or rescue in western pa
this is a terrible shelter . it appears that they routinely turn away ( or kill , unless you state you will take them back ) cat because they are `` overcrowded . '' they will tell you that your cat ha a `` behavioral issue '' to address turning said animal away . mark that you will take your cat ( or dog , etc . ) back or else you risk having them `` put down . ''
i have had such good experience with arl , that i will probably return here again and again . year ago we adopted a mutt of a puppy that turned out to be the best dog that i could have ever imagined . but let me talk about my most recent visit.while browsing facebook , i noticed that they were having an event at arl . this particular event wa called the free fur all . the event involved free adoption to qualified adopter , free micro-chipping for any pet ( adopted there or elsewhere ) , free dog bath , and goody for both human and furry companions.i had plan to get little man e microchipped during his appointment to take his manhood away ( do not worry , we have talked about it and he is fine by it ) , but when this popped up and said it wa free . hot damn , you know i wa in line . it is also probably one of the more easy and humane way to keep tie on your dog or cat just in case they were to run off one night.once we were registered , we waited at most for 15 minute . it is a very quick thing to have done . little man e did not even flinch . he wa more amused by his reflection in the table than that little pinch behind the shoulder blade . i have to give huge kudos to the staff there . they are so very friendly to not only you , but your pet . it is like they talk their language . i also have to thank them because while we were there , lme somehow ripped his one toenail and they were kind enough to clip a much of it off a they could ( no extra charge either ! ) .once done , we just walked outside to see what wa up ( e skipped the bath ) . we visited one of the table and e selected a ball and bandanna and we decided to head out after that.this place is amazing for so many different pet oriented thing . i will definitely be coming back here whenever i need something for lme .
this place is phenomenal.i got my bunny here a few month ago and the lady were so nice and helpful and they take such good care of the animal . they gave me a bit of hay and food for her that lasted me close to three month . then when we were leaving we saw a cage of six dwarf hamster and they gave u a deal of 2/ $ 10.i love my animal so much and i will always check here first for pet before anywhere else .
i adopted two cat from animal rescue league and my cat are healthy and happy . they take care of animal with love and kindness . they are of course so busy because there are many abandoned pet from irresponsible humans..but they made the whole adoption process easy and after almost a year my cat are still lovely and give me so much love .
i just adopted my second dog from this shelter , i think they are wonderful ! you must keep in mind that no rescue shelter is going to look like a 5 star hotel and be able to keep every animal free from illness , but the arl doe a great job . all pet are spayed/neutered , vaccinated , and receive a microchip . your first vet visit after your adoption is half-off their already cheap price at their in-house vet clinic . they also give you a little goodie bag along with the pet vet record . i am so thankful for the furry friend i have adopted from the arl !
i am conflicted a to how to proceed with this review . i think this place is a necessity for the city , and their open-door policy ensures no one will be turned away , saving thousand of animal , but their staff member are some of the most unprofessional and rude people i have ever met . when they say that no animal will be euthanized unless it ha a health or behavior issue , believe that 'behavior ' is a very broad term . in their own word , `` any animal that doe not tolerate , and also welcome , handling by stranger will be euthanized '' . i found this out when i fostered 5 kitten , and all of the 7 week old kitten were to be put down because they were 'fussy ' . what the hell kitten is not fussy ? ! ! ! ! they are curious little guy that want down to explore ! when i took the kitten in to offer up for adoption , the exam room wa right next to a room full of barking and howling dog . there wa a girl back there howling at the top of her lung and laughing , i guess she thought it wa funny that the dog were so terrified and distressed ? the tech handled the kitten ( that were terrified because of all the noise ) very roughly , and shoved them back into the crate , injuring one of them . when one of the kitten tried to stop herself from being shoved in the crate , it scratched her , and she became very angry , telling me they would all be euthanized for acting this way ! luckily , the volunteer must have handled them and helped to calm them , because they were able to offer 2 them up for adoption . if it wa not for the volunteer , that place would be a hellhole for all those poor babies..when i took one of the kitten that i ended up adopting ( to save them from certain death ) to be spayed , the extremely rude tech handed her to me in a box to take home . after an hour and a half drive home , i opened the box to find my kitten wrapped so tightly in a towel she could not move , and she had another towel around her face so tight she could not breathe ! i wa never so angry in my life ! i do not care how rude you are to me , but do not take it out on the animal ! the poor baby probably hissed or scratched at the tech , so the tech decided to protect herself from the vicious 2 pound kitten by immobilizing her . i am now fostering 2 kitten from them that are very sick . they told me they do better getting well in a home , well no doubt , when i got them home , they were filthy , with feces all over their backside , and they weigh le than they did 2 week ago when i took them there . when i asked the 'vet tech ' what kind of food they fed them , she said , 'oh it doe not matter ' . it most definitely doe matter ! suddenly changing an animal food cause gastic distress , vomiting and diarrhea . even the cheapest bag of pet food will tell you that . that is probably how they got so sick ! i am actually afraid to complain to anyone until the cat i fostered are adopted , i am terrified they will hurt the kitten ! i hate to say , `` do not go here , do not take your animal here '' , because then only the animal suffer ! but if you have a bad experience , get name , and write the manager and ceo , and let them know specific . hopefully getting the wrong people out of there . starting with the african american receptionist.i am sure this review will end up with the `` not recommended '' review . it seems all the truthful review get pushed to the back ? ! ! !
they are a pretty good place . they do the best they can with the limited funding they have . the employee definitely love the animal and want what is best for them.we adopted a cat from this location over a year ago , and while it turned out okay ( we still have the cat ) , i wa surprised to learn from our vet that the cat we adopted wa feral -- you will think that would have been an important bit of information to share with the adopting family , especially when there is a child in the house !
everyone i have encountered here is amazing . you can tell they are passionate and dedicated when it come to their job . i adopted a kitten here at the end of the summer and she is absolutely perfect . you can tell that she wa loved & cared for while in their care . i took her for a 6 month check up recently and the vet wa so nice . he took time to look over her and wa genuinely kind to me and my mom . sometimes people who work with animal lose their people skill , but this guy wa great . it is waaaaay out of my way , but i will definitely take lily back there for any problem that arise . well worth the drive .
we took our kitty here to get spayed at the east liberty location . although they accomplished the job for a very reasonable price they were just extremely rude . i know that you are probably not making much working here receptionist lady but just try to be nice .
they did my dog neutering surgery and they did not do it correctly , which resulted in it opening the next day . the listed emergency number did not answer and when i did get ahold of them i wa immediately told it would be at least $ 160 to have him seen . i had to take him somewhere else get him seen and then back to the animal rescue league to it done right . my poor baby went through hell . never again will i take my dog there .
although i aplaud the western pennsylvania animal rescue league for the service they provide including their vaccine clinic , i am very dissapointed by the preferential treatment given to some individual . for those unfamiliar with the vaccine clinic , it is first come , first serve . many of u get here more than an hour before the clinic start and wait in line . for those of u who have not a well behaved animal , we tag team it and have one person stand in line while the other stay somewhere off to the side with the animal.however , on the july clinic , one lady claimed to be first because she told a volunteer that she needed to stay in the car with her mom instead of waiting in line . then when the paperwork wa being passed out and those of u in line expressed the fact that she did not stand in line , some of u even having a picture of those of u in line , she repeated the fact that she ha an elderly mom . when that did not suffice , she said she had an agressive dog . while i understand that agressive dog should not be in close proximity to other animal or human which they could harm , that doesnt stop others who have le friendly animal to still stand in line and control our pet or have another member of the family stand in line on our behalf . for the arl to let both individual and their `` agressive '' dog sit in the car and be taken first is unfair to the rest of the participant . what is even more concerning is that this `` agressive '' dog wa allowed to sit in the waiting room for 21 minute with 10 other owner and their pet , some of u which had more than one pet . if this truely wa a case of an agressive animal , then the arl did a disservice to it first 10 vaccine clinic participant who were in the waiting room . in addition , the release form state that agressive animal will not be tollerated . it would be one thing if this wa a one off , but then someone came in claiming to have an apt for a vaccine booster at 930 even though they do not schedule appointment on sunday except for spay day , and they took him ! if any one know what i need to do or say to get preferential treatment in the future , please let me know ! i get that this is a low cost clinic where the service are provided at cost and i greatly appreciate that because it help me care for my animal and the rescue we have at a reasonable cost . however , i should not be punished or forced to wait because others can not follow direction . it would have been a different story if the preferential treatment wa because of medical emergency , but they won't.arl , please keep up the great service you provide , but also please be mindful of all of your patients.thanks , a loving pet owner .
we recently lost our beloved cat , and our heart are still broken . i could not stand our house without a cat , so i begged my husband to go look at kitten . we knew we wanted a shelter cat , so we went to the arl . it wa a wonderful experience . the volunteer were very helpful . we were holding kitten in the kitten room , but the one we seemed to really like wa very nervous . they allowed u to take her into another room , and checked on u numerous times.they were extremely busy and short-staffed , but effort were still made to make sure we were able to bond with the kitten . they were not pushy , and they were very patient.once we made our decision to adopt , they whisked u over to the main building . the whole process took about 20 minute . the staff really care about the well being of their animal . it is great place !
there are a bunch of pretentious self ritiuos self entitled as clown . the pious smile on those stupid face wa only topped how they were too busy to find my dog stollen colllar . i left my dog in my car for le then 30 minute , in the shade with the window down and some strumpet called 911 and animal control take my dog to this `` shelter '' who then charged me $ 90 to get her back , on top of losing her colar . then they treat me i am a villian because the reporting woman said the dog wasin the car in the sun with the window up for over 2 hour . i guess they trust total freak show loser more than their owners.i literally rescued this dog from the wood in texas ( a kill on site state ) , she wa 12 lb , starving , scared , and looked like a skeleton . she wa sick six way to sunday . i spent $ 2000 dollar getting her healthy , and got kick out of my apartment which did not allow pet . then spent another $ 1000 dollar when she got a punchured lung at a dog park . this , all for a dog i found in the wood . do you really thing i am going to lock it in a car to die ? am i really a villian ? the crew at that `` shelter '' need to check their attitude before treating people like michael vick.oh yea ! when i asked if there wa another option besides paying this outrageous bill , the uncaring bearded rope-pusher casually said `` we euthanize , or put up for adoption , yours we would euthanize '' ... . i hate that place and everyone in it .
i am all for what the animal rescue league doe . my parent just adopted the most precious 5 year old dog from the arl , but the management here really need to pull it together . the volunteer and staff are great , but there are just a lot of issues.first , my parent love their little seven pound dog , but getting a small dog here is exceptionally difficult . you need to be prepared to go in at opening and take the dog home that day . they will only place a 24 hour hold on the animal , and many people coming in here want small dog . there wa a lot of heartbreak before finally landing a dog.second , there seems to be a lot of oversight . my parent ' dog wa not properly vaccinated , which is really concerning . the poor baby had really severe kennel cough a well , and he wa sick for well over two week after adoption . they had ball and thing in the playroom that the dog share , which spread disease . : ( i think with some proper training and/or change , this place could fulfill it mission even better . the good news is that after looking at their 990s , they seem to have successful financial management so this is easily possible . well ... unless you count the fact that they have not turned a 990 in the irs in 2 year according to guidestar.maybe they just need some stronger management .
the animal rescue league is simply the friendliest , most human and pet friendly shelter in the city . i can not thank them enough for allowing me to adopt my new little buddy . i wa able to meet and greet with the cat that i wa looking to adopt , and spend some time with him in a secluded play area . his foster wa there to ask some question about what i wa looking for in a cat and if i had any experience with cat care . all pretty standard for what you should expect before rescuing a new family member . the adoption process wa super easy , the paperwork wa standard and nothing intrusive or out of the ordinary . the adoption counselor were very thorough with the paperwork and answered any and all question i had about my kitty is health and history . and all-in-all , i wa able to take him home the same day i filled out the paperwork . this place is great and take wonderful care of their animal . i would highly recommend them be your first stop for adopting . score out of five : friendliness : five star ! customer service : five star ! ease of adoption process : five star ! would i ever recommend them ? absolutely !
i love what they do . but i just had my puppy there for their spay/neuter clinic . he came home , the next day he showed sign of a uti , ( bloody urine , straining to pee ) . so i took him to his veterinarian and they said they were even disappointed , and prescribed him antibiotic . yes , you are getting money for it . but be a little bit easier on the little guy , no he wa not dropped all the way but pulling and tugging and poking resulted in a bloody uti . i am very disappointed . just because it is cheap doe not mean it is worth it . please reconsider their clinic , but continue to adopt and visit them a the staff wa somewhat friendly ... i am almost afraid to know how they treated my dog when i left . on a better note , his incision is not infected and seems to be alright .
this place is wonderful , although the facility itself need some help.the people who work there are wonderful , friendly , and helpful . they really want to get these animal adopted out in to good and loving home . i only dealt with one individual who i thought wa a little rude and she wa just the person who checked u out , so we did not have to deal with her very long.we adopted a wonderful pitbull mix named hank from here . he is such a sweet dog . he wa in pretty good shape when we got him too . all of the animal looked relatively healthy . it really seems like they are trying to do the best with what they have got . i love how non-judgmental they are . they make you answer question , but nothing that seems too crazy . their adoption fee are reasonable , and i think it is wonderful how they just give you a leash and let you take dog that you are considering on a walk.great place . hank is one of the best thing that ha ever happened to u . if we are ever looking for another furry addition to our family , i have no doubt that we will come here .
good work . he doe very nice , high quality work . a bit on the expensive side ( cost $ 30 to shorten two pair of pant ) which i guess is reasonable considering that he doe reliably high quality work . i have not given him anything more complex than that however so i do not know how he will take in your wedding dress , but work for me .
this place is great , and even call to double check when they find something they are not sure about . i have had business suit altered here , jacket , etc . my husband had a beloved winter coat that he wanted to have the pocket repaired , and vincent ( or another man ) called back 45 minute later , freaking out ( very politely ) about `` how can i repair these pocket ? ! they are awful ! no pocket left ! shred ! '' and we had a good laugh after telling him we meant for him to replace the pocket altogether . he did a fabulous job and even though he is not cheap it is worth it to know you will get the clothes back in great shape .
vincent ha done several hem and jacket alteration on men suit for me . item have always been one time and done well . i would recommend this place to anyone searching for a tailor in pittsburgh . it doe seem a little expensive , but worth it , because it done correctly .
it wa 1:00 pm on friday and i wa in a serious bind ... i needed new suit pant altered and my flight wa leaving the next day at 10:00 am . i called and vincent said he would help . he got the job done , with a smile and his work wa perfection . i would recommend vincent to anyone needing alteration . great customer service .
excellent tailor , i have been happy with every alteration i have asked from him , including two coat that needed the waist nipped in . it is a bit on the expensive side but it is worth it to have clothes that actually fit and no longer sitting sadly in the closet . i have also taken my dry cleaning there , no issue at all . overall very happy to have vincent in the neighborhood !
first of all , the alteration themselves were well done . had to get two coat taken in with recent weight loss , and he did a great job with that aspect . so i have no gripe with the tailoring itself.however ... 1 . to take in one full suit and one blazer , he charged $ 345 ! ! ! i understand that it wa a decent amount of work , but i have never in my life paid that much for alteration . i have also been told by two other professional in the clothing industry that he is the most expensive guy in town . so beware , you are paying to dollar ! i wa in a time crunch , so paid anyways.2 . my suit coat came back ruined ! once again , honest story here . i almost always keep a pack of gum in my inner chest pocket , something i have done for year . i had not worn this suit for some time ( hence the need to alter ) , and apparently there wa a pack in this one . when i got the suit home to try on , i immediately noticed the whole liner on that side of the jacket wa starchy and stiff , and i had never noticed this before . at that point , i had not put two and two together yet . i thought maybe they had melted the silk liner during dry cleaning or something . so i went back first thing the next day , and showed the tailor . i figured liability wa just on them for botching the cleaning , so all i wanted wa for it to be fixed . his ony response wa `` you never noticed before ? it came in like that . '' i had never felt it in my life , but didnt have any other response so just left . once i started thinking about it again , i had felt the gum when trying on at home before i took it in the first time . so it most definitely happened during the dry cleaning process , a wa confirmed by the new cleaner to whom i wa referred to fix . if he would have owned up and apologized , it is not even a matter of money to me , but more of honesty . really bitter taste after the experience , and unfortunately doe not make me comfortable returning , despite the alteration themselves being great .
i go to this cv all the time , since i work in the neighborhood . i am not a huge fan of it - i go mostly due to convenience . their greeting card selection is kind of lousy - i do not think i have ever found a decent card here . i keep trying , every holiday or birthday , but every section is just full of dud . also , a lot of stuff is locked behind panel that you need the employee to unlock . like , razor blade . and body wash . body wash ? it drive me nut that i need to ask someone to open that shelf for me . it make no sense . staff is hit-or-miss with friendliness . some people are cheerful , and some act like they want you to go away.good thing - i love their coupon reward . i guess that is for all cv , not just this one , but it keep me coming back because i get mad style coupon like every other visit . and i had a good experience getting a walk-in flu shot from the pharmacy from the friendly ( and quite attractive ) pharmacist . i am just not crazy about the vibe here . it just seems kind of depressing , with the stuff locked up and the smallish store with kind of a blargh selection . i would much rather go to other pharmacy , but you can not beat this one for convenience ( for me , anyway ) . and they have a parking lot , if that help you .
the rite aid on baum used to be my pharmacy , but i flipped to this cv location because of the convenience ( on the route to/from work ) . at first , my experience wa not unlike the other recent review . i , too , hate having to ask the clerk to open the locked compartment that hold the razor blade , etc . but ... the pharmacy staff is terrific . i have never had friendlier , more knowledgable and more responsive pharmacy staff at any other drug store . the service is first-rate and the extra care and attention to detail is deeply appreciated .
never again . let me repeat , never again . the primary reason i used to visit this store wa to fill medical prescription . due to their repeated inability and ineptness in fulfilling simple request , i can not continue to patronize this store.walking into the store , you are given the stink-eye by a minimum wage security guard , which automatically give you a a customer the warm and fuzzy `` guilty-until-proven guilty '' feeling a shoplifter would get , which is what this store assumes everyone is based upon their decision to lock up the mouthwash and shampoo.the pharmacy seems to be staffed by high school intern . they have no concept of customer service , nor do they display any attention to detail , which is quite frankly frightening in a pharmacy . i really think my chihuahua would make a better pharmacist than the people who work here - my chihuahua lick you to death before you got your prescription , but at least you will get greeted when you approach the counter , and you will get what you ask for.the first mishap wa when my wife and i changed prescription insurance provider . i handed wanna-be pharmacist # 1 my new insurance card . after spending about 5 minute staring into a computer screen behind the counter , he assured me that they had my insurance information in the computer . i then returned in the following day to fill a prescription , trusting in what wanna-be pharmacist # 1 had told me in the day prior . when i went to check out the bill came to over $ 300 , which i chalked up `` maybe i have to meet a deductible before the coverage kick in . '' upon further research , we discovered that wanna-be pharmacist # 1 had not updated my insurance information and had run the numerous prescription i filled under my old insurance.the latest of many `` adventure '' involved my wife calling in a prescription refill . we stopped to pick it up on the way home from work , only to be told when we arrived that the insurance will not cover the refill until tomorrow . again , she called and spoke to one of them to refill the prescription before showing up . i guess it is too much to ask to tell someone you are speaking to on the phone that they need to wait a day for the insurance to work before coming into a ghetto pharmacy to not pick up a prescription . but hey , at least wanna-be pharmacist # 2 behind the counter wa dressed like a stripper , which gave me and my wife some comic relief for the moment . we then returned the following day to ( again ) pick up the prescription we called to have refilled 2 day prior . we were first told by wanna-be pharmacist # 3 that there were not any prescription waiting for u . after searching around for a few minute , they `` found '' my wife is prescription refill , but it would take 10 minute to be ready . yes , the prescription that we tried to pick up yesterday would need another 10 minute to be prepared . hence , i am now here , writing this review.never , ever again .
the time i have been here , it been an ok experience . however , their store hour are absolutely terrible . closing at 7pm basically mean they are never open when i would need to go there . despite this being more conveniently located , walgreens and target end up getting most of my quick-shop business , simply due to late hour at night when i need to cook , clean , realize i am out of toothpaste , have a headache , need a last-minute birthday card or whatever .
this place is a disaster . i made an appointment online for 5:30pm . when i got there they refused me service , asserting they close at 6:00pm . nevermind that online published hour are from 7am to 7pm . furthermore , their own system sent me a confirmation email for my 5:30pm appointment . finally , this building is an absolute dump ... goodyear should be ashamed to have the brand attached to it .
very easy place to get my tire replaced . i pulled in , they took a few piece of information and i just had to wait . while i wa to wait i made sure it wa ok for me to walk to nearby business to pick up a few item i needed . they took my phone number and told me they would call when my car wa finished.while i wa out at nearby store my phone rang le than a hour later and wa told i could come and pick up my car . walked in , paid and away i went.why could not i give this place a five star rating . two reason . 1 . i ordered my tire and wa expecting to receive a call on a friday to stop in and have the tire put on my car , they did not call me at all and i called the following monday to find out my tire were there for the past few day and no one made the effort to call me . 2 . when i left , i could not comprehend why the air pressure wa not regulated to my new tire . how hard wa it to make sure that my psi wa set to 32 ? one tire wa at 38 and the other at 35 . i promptly needed to visit a gas station to remedy the situation .
tire replacement , wa told it would take about 1.5 hour ( when i had an existing appointment ) . it is almost been 2.5 hour and i am still waiting . ridiculous .
i experienced three main issue with this goodyear location while purchasing/installing a new set of tire : -they did not have my name or appointment in their system when i showed up . fortunately , they still honored my appointment . -they did not install tire correctly . left for a business trip the following day , and once i got on the highway and my speed passed 65 mph , the car began to rattle ( with my new `` comfort tread '' tire ) . booked an appointment , and they fixed the issue.-two month later , i went to my toyota dealership for routine maintenace . the dealer mechanic found that the lugnuts on the tire had been over torqued by goodyear . so the toyota mechanic had to saw them off of each tire and replace them with non-security locked nut . ( if i had a flat on the side of the road , i would have been sol ) .all of these issue were entirely preventable . the lack of expertise and techincal skill at this goodyear location is abysmal . i do not recommend .
i wa just there this morning for a 10am appointment to get my summer tire swapped out for my winter tire . my regular mechanic wa overbooked and there is snow coming on monday . receptionist scheduled me in just fine and the quoted price wa reasonable , so i said ok . upon arrival , store manager stated that they will not touch the car a it ha aftermarket rim and lug nut . he did not state any restriction about aftermarket part a they could not guarantee the work . i asked if this wa the case for all rim and he became a little snotty . i had heart surgery a while back and i can not do the jack and tire work a not to tear at my incision/breastplate , if this wa not the case with my health , i will certainly take care of it . aftermarket rim are common - should not be an issue . last time i ever set foot in that place .
great work and excellent customer service . with our extended training in dc , we have been out of town a lot and so only had july 4th weekend to do the emission test and state inspection on our car . i called for an appointment , dropped the car off by 9am saturday ( july 4th ) and it wa ready by noon ! thanks to kayla , craig and the entire team at good year for fitting u in . i really appreciated them getting this done for u so quickly , not to mention the fact that they worked a full day on a national holiday .
i went in for new tire and a routine oil change . when i called about my car is status after many hour , i wa told that the machine they use to pump the oil malfunctioned and motor oil got all over my car is engine ! they said it should not be a problem since they cleaned the engine bay , but when they brought my car out , my check engine light wa on . they went to clear the light , but it came back on again . i wa told to bring my car in the next day and they will look into the problem . on my way home , my engine started smoking profusely . since my check engine light wa on , i stopped at a local garage to get it checked out . they looked at my engine for me and told me that goodyear must have spilled a ton of motor oil on my engine which caused it to smoke like crazy . the mechanic also pulled up the check engine light code ( goodyear did not tell me when i asked them about the code when i picked up my car ) , which said that my oxygen sensor wa malfunctioning . the oxygen sensor in my car is connected right to the exhaust manifold and it wa clear from visual inspection that oil ha gotten all over it.i went back to goodyear the next day , they took my car in and i waited for over an hour in their lounge . no one came out to tell me what they were doing to fix my car or if they were taking responsibility for the faulty sensor . i finally had to asked the desk clerk , who told me that they were going to replace the sensor and i should come back later . goodyear did replace the oxygen sensor free of charge . they never apologized for the oil spill ; no one talked me through what they were doing during the repair . i will not be returning in the future .
i have bought tire here . i have gotten tire repaired here . the staff is prompt . the product is good .
went in to have a slow leak fixed on a tire . got there at 4:40 . no one could look at it because they had an appointment at 5 . one person working and could not look at my car . no appointment available for tomorrow . fail !
poor service that leaf tenant to fight mildew on their own . when asked to repair something , rockwel realty will do it on their term and refuse to give you notice of when they will enter your apartment despite multiple requestswhen asked to clean mildew , they did in fact clean it with bleach while also spilling bleach on my sheet and ruining them . when told about this problem and that the mildew returned they said it wa my fault for not turning the heat up and that damage done during service is an inherent risk the tenant is responsible for and nothing could be done . their solution wa for me to clean the mildew instead of properly insulating the unit to prevent mildew . the entire building also ha severe electrical problem that cause all light to be replaced twice a month . no permanent fix are made to existing unit , but there is constant construction to expand an old building so they can collect more rent .
wa trying to find a rating lower than 1 star but could not . this guy seems nice but he is actually not . he left me with no heat for the entire winter and i had to get the allegheny department of health involved . so many better option , really do not rent with rockwell , odds are that you will regret it .
rocco and vivian have truly been a graceful pair to my roommate and i for the past year . we lived right on fifth avenue and bellefonte and found no reason to complain aside from the neighbor is dog downstairs . the few mishap that happened within the apt ( a broken lock , a leaking sink ) were fixed within 24 hour of calling our landlord , rocco . i have to say that for two girl who forget the little thing ( more of ten than not ) we could not have asked for more understanding tenant for the amount of time we were locked out , forgot key , needed a drawer fixed , needed heat , etc . our space wa clean and everyone in the building wa friendly and respectful . i highly recommend to any student looking for housing in the burgh .
while looking for a rental after relocating rockwel wa extremely helpful and courteous . they were very responsive and accommodating with the right deadline my wife and i were under . they were willing to go above and beyond to get the place prepped in time . could not recommend them more .
exceptionally poor maintenance service . they refused to start heat before mid-october and the centrally heated apartment grew very chilly a fall progressed . on another occasion , they refused to change a rusted and weak lock . the lock eventually gave way and i locked myself into the bathroom . after the incident , i requested that the lock be changed immediately , and one of the owner threatened saying that we were in default of our lease agreement for not keeping our apartment a clean a when it had been leased to u . dealing with rocco and elisabeth is nice , but good luck getting anything done with nick who seems to be increasingly handling the operation of rockwel .
we have been living in our apartment with this company for more than 8 year & really love it . this is an old building -- about 90 year old . it ha great character & a lot of quirk . that is what we like about it ! the building is well maintained but one can expect thing to go wrong in any home this old . the folk at rockwel realty are extremely responsible & responsive to our call . most thing are resolved within a day & real emergency are responded to immediately . for example , we have had a broken water heater that wa replaced the same day ; last winter when the weather wa below zero for several day in a row & we had a broken water pipe , the landlord wa over in 5 minute . a plumber wa over within an hour . the landlord keep the property clean , landscaped , and in working order and are pleasant , trustworthy , and dependable .
some thing are a blessing in disguise -- such a the time i attempted to relocate to pittsburgh and found a somewhat decent apartment in the north side . i took a tour of the place . i wa hopeful the cat smell would be addressed but when the guy said `` oh , you can smell that ? '' i should have known then . the apartment needed painted -- badly , but i wa willing to deal so that the stress of relocation could go away . the unit also had no window treatment , no air conditioning , and did i mention the cat smell ? on a friday , i told them i wa interested in the apartment , they told me to mail my security deposit check that day . i followed direction and mailed it . i made plan for moving . they never called to tell me my rent check wa not recieved on saturday or the following monday . i had to email them to request a copy of my lease when i wa told `` the apartment is no longer available , someone came in today and gave a security deposit '' . interesting -- so when i asked the office that past friday they told me not to bring in my check -- that mail would suffice . something doe not sound right here . their lack of communication also cost me an additional $ 100 in non-refundable moving expense a i had put down a deposit with a moving company . definately one of the more frustrating thing to happen to me during my relocation , but based off the condition the apartment wa in , coupled with these poor review , i should be counting my blessing .
on my recent road trip from dallas to new haven , ct , randy s. and i stopped in pittsburgh to revel in it charm . this , i must add , wa in opposition to his mother is strong protest to the effect of , `` there is nothing *in* pittsburgh , why would anyone go there ? '' tazza d'oro is the answer to that question . especially if you like coffee . this is easily one of the best coffee shop east of the mississippi , and i have been to a lot of them . so , what is so good about it ? let is go in order of importance : coffee - it is really , really good . they use batdorf and bronson bean , where an ex-gf of mine used to work in olympia . believe me when i tell you that b & b is good . it is not amazingly great , but it is very solid and they take roasting seriously . when i go to a new coffee place i suspect might be good i always get a latte . why ? this one ha a high upside if done well and the lowest downside ( lot of milk ) if done poorly . i got a latte . they have a few size , 12oz wa the first one i got . it wa fantastic . they did a nice little rosetta in it too ( look up latte art on google if you have no idea what this is ) . the baristo really knew what he wa doing and pulled a some good shot with excellent crema . the coffee wa so good ( coffee is supposed to taste bold , smooth and rich , which it almost never doe and this place had it down ) i had to go back for an 8oz , which is another level of trust . it ha the same amount of coffee but le milk to hide poor coffee quality . it wa always superior . this is a coffee place that is truly top notch based on the coffee alone , but there wa more . pastry - they all looked amazing . i had a plain donut while i waited in line . normally i do not eat plain donut , because life is too short for plain donut , but it wa really , very good . everyone wa commenting on how nice the pastry were.atmosphere - this place ha it exactly right . it is a mom & pop feel , nothing forced . some table , outdoor seating , maybe some local art , but not in a goofy sort of way . very friendly employee . just a complete home run . obviously i loved it . behind me in line for my re-up , i heard a girl behind me in line complain , `` we could just go to starbucks , it is cheaper ! '' then proceeded to order with sugar free syrup and skim milk . that is fine . everyone ha to do what they like ... and with the proliferation of bad coffee ( starbucks only being guilty of mediocre , though a little bit interesting coffee ) over the past 10 year , i do not blame people for being set that way . but the beautiful thing about tazza d'oro ( cup of gold in italian ) is that -- if you let it -- it will remind you that you do not need to make your coffee up like a drag queen on halloween.tazza d'oro stand a a reminder that coffee can be enjoyed in all it naked glory in an awesome setting on a beautiful street and give you a good f'ing reason to go to pittsburgh .
this place is nestled in a nice location next to the city water reservoir and highland park , making it a great place to grab a coffee if you are out for a morning walk . it offer a clean and casual interior and draw a more eclectic crowd than most cafes- lean a bit towards the business casual crowd . still ha that neighborhood feel though . i have never had food there though they offer panini . great dessert . good espresso and okay coffee.outdoor seating . good place to study . plenty of laptop outlet and free wireless .
this is one of my two favorite coffeehouse in town . it took me far too long to come around and love tazza d'oro . a horrible ex of mine loved this place and i admit that this soured me . i regret the time i wasted not going here . the dark wood inside comfort me . the small table outside are a great place to spend the summer . tazza d'oro brew batdorf and bronson bean ( amazing ) , provides enrico pastry ( amazing ) free wireless ( amazing ) and one of the most talented and friendly staff i have ever met ( amazing ) . everyone who work there is *so* nice and *so* good at what they do . they have a small menu of local/fresh food that look amazing , but i have never actually eaten it . the espresso served here is actually better than the average shot served at batdorf and bronson location in olympia , wa . i talked about this with one of the barristas at td'o and they were offended - `` we calibrate our machine the same , we use the same bean , the exact same blend and milk and everything , it can not be different . '' sorry , tazza d'oro , you are better . the line get long on weekend morning , but they move quickly . there is a sense of community nestled here , just off the `` main drag '' of highland park , between bryant st. and the reservoir . this is where you can pick up your csa shipment for the week , where multiple weekly bike ride originate , where there are lively discussion group meeting nearly every day . the percentage of student is low . like the rest of pittsburgh , there is a good chance you will run into someone you know , but generally i see people i like and miss , which is different than the norm in pittsburgh for me .
do you see how all of the other review give this place 5 star - this place is way more than a 5 star coffee shop . i am giving all 5 star to this delightful coffee shop because it is the perfect community coffee shop . i am slightly saddened that they took out the 2 overstuffed chair , but they need more table because people like to come here and people hanging out in their community is a good thing . it is 11:30 on a monday morning and the place is almost full - there are always people coming going , getting coffee.it is a great place to sit and read the paper or to pick up some coffee on your way to some place else.enrico is also ha become a hub for other community activity - there a a couple of weekly bike group that meet here.other reason to love this place ( i know some of the other review highlighted these but i thought they were worth repeating ) .- free wifi- outside tables- tasty treats- they have a blog ! - really great coffee- the staff are coffee expert
best independent coffeeshop i have ever had the pleasure to visit.best americano i have ever had . some of the best espresso i have ever had . great dessert , pastry , and cooky . good food . the employee are awesome.the owner apparently put the shop there because their neighborhood did not previously have anything like it . the shop is also all about bicycling a transportation , sponsoring regular group ride around town , and also group walk for those not bicycle-inclined .
i love this place . the best coffee in the 'burgh . good atmosphere , great service . the food is really good too .
one of my favorite coffee place in pittsburgh . they also have pretty good sandwich and salad if you are looking for some light lunch food . otherwise , they have plenty of pasteries/cookies to eat that are pretty good .
some of the best coffee i have ever had . ever.stick with an italian cappuccino and bring a good friend for some good conversation .
not bad , but a bit overrated , i think , but maybe i need to go again a few times.the best thing about this cafe wa that the coffee wa served in a large french press . the atmosphere is a bit sterile . the baked good were mediocre . my friend order a latte , and she say it is done perfectly though.i would go again .
quick service , amazing coffee , nice vibe .
let me just join the crowd in saying tazza d'oro is great . good staff , great coffee .
i love this place , it warm and cozy ambiance and the coffee and baked good are wonderful ! the staff is so inviting too !
this is some of the best coffee i have ever had . i have been looking for a local coffee shop that made good coffee and did not have irritating quirk in their service ( i have run into a cash-only , lame hour shop and a we-don't-have-an-espresso-machine shop , which are useless to me . ) the pastry i had wa good , though a bit overpriced at ~ $ 3 . the mocha i had wa absolutely amazing , though their largest size is only 16 oz , which is an adjustment if you are expecting the larger size some other coffee shop produce .
the coffee here wa excellent ! had a double espresso . apparently their roaster is in santa cruz can . large selection of french press coffee . baked good did not look too great but that is not why i came here . atmosphere is very mellow and comfortable . also ha wifi which work ! nice to find a place like this when traveling . is in the middle of a residential area and there doesnt seem to be anything else around here .
they just opened a spot at carnegie mellon , on campus in the gate building and it ha changed my life . my closest coffee option before wa seattle is best , so you can imagine how delighted i wa when this opened next door to where i have class all day . the first week they were open i think i went there about 4 time . the italian cappuccino will wire you for a few hour , but is totally amazing . their basic coffee pale in comparison to their espresso though , so stick with espresso drink . i have also had two delicious panini , which i highly recommend . knowledgeable service . great drink ! yum !
i love tazza d'oro ! great coffee , excellent baked good and the food is delicious .
the coffee is really awesome but the brunch wa not anything spectacular . it wa also exceptionally busy and me and my three friend had to crowd around a teeny tiny table . all of u felt like the panini/burritos were totally edible and good just not great . the flavor just were not super tasty . i would say yay on coming here for coffee sort of yay on coming for food.it kind of bother me that it show up a the number one restaurant in pittsburgh . i mean , it definitely doe not deserve that ranking . i would not want out-of-towners coming to pittsburgh and thinking that is the best we have .
this cafe is espresso drink are on par with the best artisinal coffee house anywhere . i always go out of my way to get coffee from here when i am in pittsburgh .
i love tazza.. their coffee are excellent and it a great place to enjoy a relaxing evening..i also like their baklawa , sandwich and brownies..
coffee , coffee , espresso , cappuccino , coffee , espresso ... tea ! ! ! amazing selection of tea ; high-quality , loose and those that i have tried have been so delicately balanced , the word perfect come to mind . while their espresso is also excellent , i have not been pleased by tazza d'oro is ( soy ) latte , so i am going to indulge my renewed enthusiasm for fine tea and work my way through their extensive menu that which is not to be overlooked if you have even the slightest interest in exploring beyond the weak frontier of lipton .
best coffee in pittsburgh , without a doubt . believe the hype . i have been going here for year , and every visit is a pleasure .
yes ! awesome soy cap , scone , and atmosphere . nice place to hang out & read , and free wifi with no login procedure .
thought it is somewhat pointless to write a review for this place . i mean , every spro geek i know of in town know this is the best place to get a cup doppio or any espresso drink . the only reason i still decided to write this review is stupid yelp doe not let me add a store to my list unless i have written a review for it . dah ! this place is where all my fine coffee addiction started with . never did i have a cup of starbucks coffee after my first visit to tazza d'ro . not sure if it is a good thing , since now i have to do a lot of research on where to get a good cup of coffee before going to a new city no matter for business or for pleasure.i love their signature `` bike love '' for all the espresso drink w/ milk . it is fruity , mild , and fragrant . it is addictive ! the only thing i have against it is that it ha pretty strong caffeine in it , although it taste super innocent . it is actually almost stronger then any spro blend i have tried.i also appreciate a lot the community atmosphere and the effort to bring in community improvement of td.not a good place to study/work at on a weekend afternoon tho . it is too popular thus noisy .
this is a staple neighborhood coffee house right down the hill from the park . great outdoor seating . very hip atmosphere . plenty of plug for laptop . comfy chair for relaxing . friendly people . only problem is finding a seat .
one of the best cup of coffee in pgh . great atmosphere for working , studying or a meeting . very neighborly feeling .
i would never have found this place if it wa not for yelp . it is somewhat hidden among lot of house and residential building . i ordered a latte and blueberry scone , both were great ! i wanted to order food but i wa told that they do not serve food ( even breakfast ) until 11 a.m . i would go back if i am in the area .
some of the best coffee in pittsburgh ( and many argue that it is in fact -the- best ) . really warm , rich blend , especially the espresso . the tea menu is extensive and ha a lot of variety , so it is a great place for non-coffee-drinkers , too . it ha a relaxed atmosphere with indoor and outdoor seating ( is there anything cosier than curling up in one of the window seat with a book/notebook on a rainy day ? ) . i have done it all here -- from writing and filing an article when the newsroom wa too loud to meeting a blind date . it is a good place to linger and savor . it proximity to the park is a big advantage .
the epitome of 4 star : excellent without being perfect . tucked away in the middle of a charming old residential neighbourhood , you will likely miss it the first drive by . turning around is worth it.yes the staff tends to be the typical hipster , bike-riding sort that so commonly seems to staff indie coffee shop , but they are friendly and unpretentious , so do not hold it against them . the patron are almost exclusively college student ( anyone else tends to drive by and take their coffee to go ) , though hipster are actually in the minority here . anyone under the age of 25 will fit in perfectly , and no one 35 and under will feel uncomfortable . the noise level is perfect . most student are on their laptop with headphone , a few are chatting quietly , and the background ( indie ) music is just that . you do not need headphone to concentrate here.decor is decent without being great . the ceiling is crossed by beautiful wooden beam , and the floor is a pleasantly bland creamy ceramic tile . so is the wallpaper , though the original modern painting tend to help make thing interesting . where it loses point is in the furnishing : the mixture of wall lamp , hanging fixture , and pot light doe not work well , the serving bar itself is an ugly cheap laminate , and the touch of plastic greenery dribbled around the place fails misserably.iced water is provided , which is decent ( plastic cup are a minus ) , but inferior to the mineral water other place serve . we tried their richly brewed ethiopian to rave review , with the party split on whether the thick ceramic mug wa a plus ( hefty and warming ) or minus ( hard to drink from ) . truly fantastic coffee , but the latte were rather disappointing : beautifully steamed milk in every cup , but a rather bland espresso shot left the latte rather lacking in the nuanced flavour one find in a 5 star establishment . the medium latte ( 12oz , with 2 shot of espresso -- the steongest ratio they offer ) should have been far better.the food looked worth having , but we will just eaten . homemade pastry and fresh sandwich looked tempting , and we certainly will come hungrier next time.a solid four star , held back a bit by decor and a lot by espresso .
just realized that no one mentioned about their chai latte yet . they make their chai from scratch . the best chai i have ever had outside of my indian co-worker is kitchen . the only thing is , since they premade a whole pot , there is no way you can get a cup of skim chai ...
local , friendly business serving a great product do still exist .
reasons:1 . location and setting : highland park is simply lovely - make you feel a if you are in a small english town , where time ha stood still . the art and small table inside and outside are charming.2 . socially responsible : fair trade and international array of coffee.3 . fresh meat : local pasture raised meat/ local produce in their tasty panini's.4 . nice crowd and staff .
best coffee i had in pittsburgh . their italian cappuccino is pretty addictive .
the coffee here is amazing ( i love when the baristas take the effort to make pattern in the foam ) . the baristas were extremely friendly and the pastry looked delicious . while there are a number of table , enrico is wa busy even on a friday night ... i would imagine that it would be hard to find a table during peak hour .
one of the best espresso bar i have been to.+1 for great espresso . i had a shot of ethiopian espresso . fantastic ! grabbed a costa rican pour-over on my way out ... perhaps one of the best cup of coffee i have ever had.+1 for baristas who pay great attention to detail+1 for great atmosphere . the ceiling is tastefully ornate , and the decor is pleasing . hearty wood furniture used throughout.+0 for having a location a bit far from downtown.a favorite for local and not-so-locals alike.highly recommended ! i will return ...
the environment is just what you would hope for in a coffee shop : tastefully decorated with some local art in an old building with a cool ceiling and floor . a great place to enjoy a beverage , book , and music.i had an italian cappuccino . it wa well balanced and i enjoyed every sip . on my way out i had a costa rican pour over that took me by surprise . it wa incredibly smooth with a complex flavor . it rolled off my tongue without the thin taste of a poorly roasted bean . a the drink cooled the flavor profile changed but continued to please.i highly recommend this shop if you are looking for a place to spend a few hour and enjoy everything from speaking with competent baristas to the last sip of your drink . i will be returning .
i have read countless 5-star review of this coffee shop and i am sorry , but i do not wholly agree with , well , everyone else ; so , here is my slightly alternative take on the cafe . i am aware , like many reviewer on this site , that not every place is aiming for me a the target customer ; but even still , there is no way this is a five star coffee shop . yes , the coffee is good and if i happen to be lost in highland park someday on foot , i am sure i will stop in to get it again . but the place itself wa a turn off , despite the interesting people that it attracts . glossy refinished exposed wood beam , fake grape vine over the window , and odd light fixture create a tacky atmosphere i can not overlook or sit in . i think this is a great coffee shop if you happen to own a house in highland park , but for me it is going to be voluto or espresso a mano from now on - it is just not worth the drive .
i tell everyone about this highland park gem my friend introduced me to . people who come here appreciate expertly steamed milk and delicious breakfast/lunch option . in this quaint shop gone are the day of the mass-produced latte and microwaved sandwich . every time i visit pittsburgh , i make sure this place is in my schedule somewhere . love it .
pittsburgh is definitely got nothing on seattle when it come to a good brew but if you look hard enough you will find a few diamond in the rough . tazza d'oro is one of them . i wont say the best simply because coffee is such an objective taste but you can not deny the expertise and care tazza d'oro subscribes to . it brings them million of mile above starbucks and ( gasp ) crazy mocha.i found out about tazza d'oro while browsing the blog of an award winning , internationally recognized barista . he conveniently mapped out his favorite coffee house around the u via google map . i clicked on pa and zoomed it , not even expecting to see a marker . surprisingly there wa -- only one -- and it wa for tazza d'oro.their baristas know how to make the perfect espresso . once you have done that all of your other drink fall right into place . they also do french pressed coffee which is a rare treat usually enjoyed at home and , at least in my case , not done nearly a well a it should be . their pastry and baked good come straight from one of the 'burgh is best bakery -- enrico is in the strip district ; what more could you ask for ? i have a longer article on tazza d'oro a well a another great coffee shop , espresso a mano on my website . http : //eatinginpittsburgh.com/2011/02/11/coffee-pittsburgh-part-2/
i can remember the time when i used to strictly drink mocha frappuccinos from starbuck is thinking that it wa the be all end all to coffee in my younger teen . do not we all miss those day of being so naive ? admittedly , i never finish any coffee that i drink , not only because i am apparently wasteful now that i think about it , but also because i am a slow sipper and everything settle at the very end . make no mistake , i will finish any coffee drink from tazza d'oro and at record speed . it is delicious to the very last drop and the best part is , they do not think that third degree burn go hand in hand with their coffee -- it is ready for drinking the moment you receive your order . let is not forget about the food , which is also delicious . it is clear i have nothing bad to say about this establishment.some of the staff remembers your order to a tee and all of them are always very courteous . the price are reasonable and the location is great , tucked away in highland park .
good coffee ! ! the atmosphere is nice , it wa good to get out of the cold when we took our walk : ) the coffee wa good , and not too expensive .
the bean are great , but some of the men who work there are rude , repeatedly .
this is where i learned what good espresso taste like . if you make it to highland park , stop there and get some great neighborhood atmosphere .
i will preface this by reminding anyone who read my review that 3 star is a good review for me -- it mean it is good , but i am not going to go out of my way for it . enrico is tazza d'oro cafe is definitely very good -- i love the location in highland park , and the early morning crowd seemed pretty nice and very eclectic . we even ran in to a friend while we were there and had a nice chat . my girlfriend and i ordered latte which were excellent -- the space wa overall very nice inside and while the selection of pastry wa a bit thin i would say the one they had looked good . i do wish they had more outdoor seating , though . it is tough to make the `` i am a fan '' list for coffee house . i will try it again and may change my review in the future . while i '' m on the note of highland park , i want to join the chorus of people who are dismayed by the recent hit and run involving the two bikers in highland park . accident ( no matter how horrible ) do happen , and a such i am not a angry about the actual accident ; but to just drive away and leave people severely injured by the side of the road is pretty wretched behavior . at this point , i only hope that if you are the person who did this , you will at least dedicate the rest of your life to doing good to balance your to-date lousy behavior.it is never too late .
the espresso is definitely good . although the interior is strange , the location is cute for highland park . my beef is with the snarky pittsburgh hipster employee is that barely even engaged with my joke made about their beta fish `` vivian . '' seriously , a boy beta , named vivian ! that fish need some recognition and love . after basically flirting with ourselves , it seemed like all they cared about wa acting cool and barely providing an engaging espresso experience for me and my friend who were obviously excited to be there ! next time , maybe there will be different employee is . but i have a feeling their lack of enthusiasm for serving the general public will deter me elsewhere . sad time tazza , i felt like i could have really loved you .
a if in answer to my prayer.i am not basing this review on the quality of the coffee . i had rooibos tea and a ( delicious ) apple galette . i am basing this on the fact that i love this style of coffee shop ( could be in seattle or portland ) . and the fact that since coming to p'burgh for a few day for the first time , it is the first aggregation of non-grumpy people i have been around . well , to be fair , all the partying college student on the south side last night were not grumpy . maybe it is that the folk sitting around me here at tozza doro are just chilling , quietly dong whatever they are doing , and not being overly grumpy or self absorbed . they do not apear to have more than coffee and pastry , but they do have free wireless.there is not a much in this neighborhood a i thought there wa going to be , but if you find yourself here , and you like non-corporate , home grown cafe , this is a great place to chill .
i think the latte have improved since my last review and their soy cappuccino are the best i have ever had , in fact , i never even cared for them until trying tazza d'oro is . i still hold their tea in high regard . however , the food here suck . they have always had a limited sandwich menu , but at some point even that ha been reduced to three choice . i am a sucker for a good veggie sandwich , especially in combination with caffeine . even though enrico is is an easy walk from my home , i find myself either walking further or driving elsewhere for the caffeinated lunch experience . i guess they are trying to keep focus on the brew , but i do not think it is that hard to do both ; i mean the staff seems highly competent , they have a kitchen and sandwich are pretty simple recipe to follow and learn . with a new lunch joint in the 'hood ( park bruges ) , why not expand lunch option rather than downgrade to the point of forfeiting without even the slightest struggle ?
outstanding latte . period . the service can be *very* slow , but the latte is worth the wait . and , the staff doe not seem to care to chat with customer , but they make darn good latte so who cares.tucked in the beautiful highland park neighborhood among many historic house and close to the handful bryant street restaurant , tazza d'oro is a fantastic place for coffee lover like me . a nice short walk from highland park is a welcome plus . get the latte , take a stroll down the street to explore the house , and take a walk in the park . that is a beautiful and coffeeful sunny summer afternoon for you . they also have food , but i can not speak for that . the interior is somewhat run down at place , but that give it character .
maybe tazza d'oro doe not need another review , but i guess it never hurt to lend your voice to the chorus of those praising a good , solid and well-run local business . the coffee selection is terrific . the baristas are professional and courteous . no , they are not chatty , but they are polite and friendly . i am not there for conversation , but for good coffee . and that is what you get . the pastry and snack are fine . good variety . the atmosphere is just what i want when i need a cup of coffee : relatively quiet , comfortable and calming . when it first opened ( how long ago how ? ) it wa mobbed by some of my neighbor ( i live in highland park ) who adopted it a their private club and often seemed peeved at `` others '' who stopped by . they have either relaxed or found other obsession . the clientele is , a folk said , eclectic and invigorating . it is become our after-dinner spot after a meal at park bruges or smiling banana leaf , too !
this place wa pretty cool . i mean defiantly felt like a place with a bunch of regular , but i felt welcome inside . all i got wa a cup of coffee and a apple pastry . my mother got a espresso . both drink were good , but for being one of the top rated place on yelp , i expected more than what i expirenced . the apple pastry did not seem very fresh , but it wa still very good and worth eating . i guess i wa just a little disappointed because i expected so much more than what i got .
finally , a great neighborhood coffee shop that just so happens to brew fantastic coffee . the espresso is incredible , which make for an excellent cappuccino , and the food is pretty good , too . croissant , muffin , and other baked good top the breakfast list , while made-to-order panini and delicious homemade soup round out the lunch menu.the crowd at enrico is is varied , which i really enjoy . my 65-year-old neighbor and his crew of retired friend pull up a chair every day at 3:00 pm next to business folk , college student , techie , and other folk who are looking for a good brew.no frill , no extra ; just nice people in a quaint coffee shop , brewing up warm goodness .
hand down the best cappuccino you will get in pittsburgh . i have yet to be disappointed . consistency in quality in a coffee joint is what i am looking for ! ( oh and alright those delectable treat they always have do not hurt either ... apple dumpling ? ! ? ! )
what a cute little coffee shop in such an idealistic setting ! i sat amongst the gathered hipster , mom , friend , lady who lunch , power business lunch people in a sunny little corner of the room sipping my delicious indian spice black tea.service wa very friendly and looking at the fresh pastry and lunch list of homemade soup and sandwich made me want to come back and enjoy a leisurely afternoon or perhaps work day here taking in all they have to offer . i wa surprised when i asked to see the tea list and the barista told me they did not have much to offer . still looked like a good amount to me and i wa pleased to see a variety of different offering some coffee shop do not offer ( because , well , they are usually coffee focused ! ) . i also enjoy that they use loose leaf tea , so you know it is not just coming straight outta a generic box of twinings . free internet is always a big plus with lot of outlet . now if someone could just find me an affordable house in highland park this could just be my next favorite neighborhood coffee shop !
still one of the best place to get soy capps , but they no longer have an extensive tea list . what is left is not a bad selection , but there are dramatically le choice , so it is no longer where i would go to sample new variety of tea . sandwich menu is even more severely limited and it seems that pretty much all the food is provided by u.s. food , or the like ; nothing is local . it will be way cool if they would source their pastry and bread locally . until then , it is simply a great place to get coffee and espresso , with nice vibe and pleasant service .
great atmosphere , often crowded , not too expensive , tasty beverage . both my husband and i had mochas- delicious !
wonderful ! lovely ! quaint ! one of the most refreshing cafe is in pittsburgh ! my visit wa a 'surprise ' from my boyfriend who know how much i appreciate fine espresso . i wa instantly enamored with the set-up inside and the pleasant nature of the individual who greeted u behind the counter . the baked good were absolutely fabulous and we literally would have bought one of everything if we had not come to our sens . i ordered a grande cafe mocha and it came with a wonderful rim of whipped cream ( i believe the whipped cream wa homemade a well ... . simply to die for ) and a subtle addition of foam art which just show how considerate the baristas are of their craft . my boyfriend ordered the italian cappuccino and said it tasted just like the drink he would get in italy over his 2 week visit with family this past summer . now if that is not representative of a solid job in bringing a european cafe to the state , then i do not know what is !
their mocha are amazing
it wa a bit out of the way of where we were staying , but i wa swayed by the yelp review ! you did not steer me wrong . a nice little coffee joint in a quiet neighborhood , enrico is wa the perfect spot to get my caffeine fix before starting the day at full speed . my wife and i both got latte and pastry , and everything wa good to go.it looked like we were the only patron that did not plan on spending the whole day there , rooted to a chair . we got the next to last free table . almost every `` two-top '' had only one person sitting at it . i would imagine it is tough to find a seat sometimes . recommend ! p.s . i thought it wa interesting that you can also purchase bike tire tube here .
great variety of coffee and method ( press , chemex , pour-over ) . i did not get a chance to try to the espresso , but it looked very good a well . verve and olympia are two very solid roaster and provide a wealth of choice . staff wa very helpful , location great . all around a good place in pittsburgh .
best coffee , ultimate staff , neighborhood gem
great , authentic coffee at a reasonable price . the pastry are really tasty a well but pricier . it is a great atmosphere to catch up with a friend or just relax with a cup of coffee . the staff is also very friendly !
i really wa missing voluto before it new ownership / management took over , on penn ave . i needed a new place to try with friend who live in highland park for an excellent cup of fancy joe . i am a steamed milk kind of gal.starbucks bless them when i am in a rush but i have to order a tripple just to get a hint of my fix , but the coffee here is the right strength to cover my caffeine withdrawal . lovely atmosphere small but not tiny , outdoor seating if you want it . their espresso shot are not served in steamed cups.take note if you are a hardcore ezzzspresso shooter and you like it piping hot . i am sure if you asked they could probably warm the cup . the baristas are so friendly and laid back and funny . also the staff member let me use the bathroom after closing one time perfect gentleman : ) a decent selection of yummy pastry to compliment your coffee awaits from apple turnover to decadent brownies.i also like the crowd that come here , there are younger people , older peopler and everyone inbetween ( the 30 somethings and 40 somethings ) my age group . it ha a neighborhood feel but i can tell people come from surrounding area , tazza is a great example of merging the old and new in pittsburgh while maintaining the character of it home borough .
cute little spot in a sweet neighborhood . snag a table before ordering and you will have a great experience . i stopped in for a cappuccino and sandwich . the cappuccino wa hot and satisfying ( good quality bean , strong ) . and the vegetable panini adequate ( i am not the biggest fan of artichoke leaf ) .good spot for reading a book and eavesdropping on stranger ' conversation .
i had always meant to visit enrico is , and since my friend recently moved to the neighborhood , it wa a perfect opportunity to cross it off my list.so here is what i liked : the cappuccino wa perfect . it is an awesome cappuccino , topped with a cute foam art leaf.here is what i did not like : sometimes i take my cappuccino plain , sometimes i take it with a shot of syrup . on this occassion i asked if i could get amaretto syrup , which they had . but the barista responded : `` no , you can not . '' he said they only make their cappuccino plain , and if i liked sweet , he could make me something special , but i would have to trust his taste . here is the thing ... i do not like sweet ! i do not have much of a sweet tooth . i just wanted a tiny bit of sweet , so i did not think trusting his mystery concoction wa a good idea . i just got it plain.i am not a big fan of coffee shop snobbery nor the fact that this guy seemed to have sterotyped me a a starbucks-guzzling yuppie who had to be shown what a `` real '' cappuccino tasted like . please , i lived in italy , i have had a `` real '' cappuccino ... but right now , i want a flavor shot in it . i still tipped because i wa not sure if it wa the barista or just a general rule at this place , and he did offer to make me something different . i just do not get what the deal is here ... why do they even bother having flavor syrup if you are not `` allowed '' to add them to your drink ? it is a 5-star cappuccino for sure , but i had to subtract a star for the attitude .
what a great find ! i frequent the nearby bryant street restaurant , but did not even know this place existed until a friend of mine brought took me here today for hot chocolate . i immediately fell in love it . the baristas were very friendly and my hot chocolate wa great ! there were also some incredibly delicious-looking pastry which i will need to go back soon to try . there wa a nice ambience - it wa quiet but not uncomfortable so . it would be a great place to study , read , or visit with friends.you should expect to wait a few minute for your drink , but it is well worth it : - )
best coffee in pittsburgh ! you might think there is better coffee elsewhere . you are wrong ! i love this coffee shop , and there is a second location the gate building at cmu that i like to go to -- their panini are to die for.i love this place , and you will too !
best coffee it pittsburgh ? maybe , but this place is certainly competitive . french press , drip , espresso , or pour over ? you name it they have got it . only downside of this place is a limited food and pastry selection . if it is just coffee you want you this is the place . it is it a bit snobbish sure , but not nearly a much a many of the other coffee shop in pittsburgh .
this is a quiet little nook in highland park that is perfect for tea , coffee , snack and getting some work done or catching up with an old friend . i used to frequent this place much more when i lived in pittsburgh , but i still make an effort to come back a few time a year for the ambience . it is great in the summer and fall because they have a few table outside . the staff is great and the price are reasonable , too . the only change i could think of would be to put on some soft easy listening music . it will make the vibe a little more comfortable !
really hard to find a good cup of coffee in the state ... i will say this is the best cappuccino i have had since italy .
i have heard a bunch of good thing about this place , so i decided to make a trip over there on a sunday to check it out . while i enjoyed the coffee and cooky i bought , i have to say that everything seems to be a bit overpriced and i did get a feeling of snobbery from some of the staff . however , the venue wa actually nice with a nice neighborhood feel . every time i have been there since it ha been really crowded and i have had trouble finding a seat . i would love to go back in the summer and sit outside at one of the table .
i just moved into a new place in highland park and realize this place wa right next door . i am a huge fan of coffee and have never been quite satisfied with the taste ever since my trip to italy ( where there coffee is to die for ) . this place make me happy with coffee again . i have also had lunch here and bagel for breakfast both very delicious . this is my new place !
so i went on a marathon 2 hour bike ride right before heading to enrico is for the first time and on my last mile all i could think wa `` iced caffe mocha , iced caffe mocha '' over and over again . did i mention that i forgot my water bottle on my ride too ? i wa a desperate woman at the end of that one.so i got home aired myself out and drove myself to enrico is since a previous yelper mentioned she had the best iced caffe mocha there . there wa easy street parking right out front and i really liked that it wa nestled in the middle of a neighborhood and not a loud crowded street . table are large enough for good work space and folk had their laptop out inside enjoying the free wifi while the table outside were filled with friends.so why the 3 star ? well the iced caffe mocha wa a bit subpar . the syrup wa all at the bottom leaving my first couple sip very watery . could have been a better mix . would i give this another try ? sure but i definitely will ask for a nice hard shake of my iced caffe mocha before taking a swig.the coffee place at the walnut mall in shadyside is still my favorite for the iced coffee of the year award . try the iced or blended ghiradelli mocha when you are shopping shady-style - awesome !
i love counter culture coffee : - ) the baristas are very friendly and very accommodating .
i love tazza d'oro ! it is in such a great little area and is a nice place to spend some time with a delicious cup of coffee.it it sometimes busy and hard to find a table ( which is not surprising since it is a great spot ) , but i like the neighborhood feel and the staff ha always been very friendly.i usually get iced americanos in the summer and regular coffee or latte in the cooler weather . all of the drink i have ever had here have been tasty . i have also had some of the pastry ( and maybe a bagel at some point ? ) and everything ha been fresh.i am a big lover of coffee shop and this place fit all of my requirement . while i do not live in highland park , it is definitely worth an occasional trip .
absolutely fantastic . one of my favorite place to hideaway and get some work done or just read a book .
the coffee wa ok , but the service and ambiance left much to be desired . the place wa dirty , with straw wrapper etc on the floor . the light fixture were too modern to be considered cozy . there were four people on staff but it took at least 2 minute for one of them to stop gossiping with the others and take our order . i got the feeling that this place ha had a lot of success and the owner have let thing slide . it wa ok , but in looking for a coffee shop to make my regular hangout , i would not go back .
we ordered a double espresso which looked more like a single shot . cozy coffeeshop with an ample amount of seating.there were different type of coffee available for purchase to drink there and bean to take home.cute neighborhood coffeeshop type feel .
a nice place to sit and read , and drink amaaaaazing coffee . i like the atmosphere , and will definitely be a return regular customer .
i adore this place ! the light green wall are serene , the chair and table are comfortable , and i love their little brownie with three kind of chocolate chip in them ! the coffee is perfectly smooth and rich , which is the most important thing to get right . ( i am not into masking the taste of burnt espresso with a mocha ! ) if a place can provide me with a cup of coffee that doe not taste like it will give me an ulcer , i will be a fan for life . the only other pittsburgh place where i have found coffee this delicious wa at commonplace coffee in squirrel hill . i went to college near chicago and come from california . i count intelligentsia and blue bottle coffee a some of my favorite place , so i mean it when i say the coffee here is wonderful . try it out , you will not be let down .
on three separate visit , i have enjoyed three great cup of coffee . no complaint there . unfortunately , that consistency ha not been there for everyone . on a visit with my wife , her latte came out far too milky . probably just a mistake , so we reasoned that this place deserved a second chance . the next time around , we order a pair of cappuccino , one with vanilla -- now , before i go any further , i recognize that cappuccino are typically made without sugar or added flavoring . i have also been to a ton of neighborhood coffee shop , have heard the question `` wet or dry '' a thousand time . sometimes a `` wet cap '' is really what you are hoping for in a latte . and even when it is not , like most people , i do not snark or complain when someone give me a cup that is not quite what i wa hoping for . i usually end up liking it anyways . my taste bud are not that delicate.perhaps you can see where i am going with this story . vanilla cappuccino . i get it , it is not something that is done . but when someone asks you for something you do not sell , just explain the situation politely . if you feel the need to snark , share knowing glance , or anything along those line , just stifle it . trust me , i have seen many professional perform better with request far more ridiculous . there is really never any need for snobbery . so i have got to dock tazza d'oro a bit . too bad , because the coffee is pretty good .
the people who work here are very rude . i have gone back a few time thinking it may have just been the person working that day wa just a rude person , but no it happen every time . i am not a young hip person and felt very out of place there . it is like you are walking into someone is house and bothering them . the people working behind the counter act like you are interfering with there conversation . plus it is very dirty . perhaps the people working there should try cleaning the place instead of talking to each other . i will not go back again .
very nice pace . i remember the pharmacy that wa in it place year ago.it ha a very nice atmosphere and the service is great . their coffee and pastry are very good too ! i do not find myself in that neck of the wood very often , but it is always nice to stop by when i do .
i walked in to this business and immediately knew i could risk a latte without flavoring to cover up poor quality or technique , and i wa absolutely correct . the espresso wa a perfect balance of flavor with a smooth finish , the foam wa stretched perfectly and expertly poured to form a heart in my mug . my accomplice is americano wa equally well made , not a note of sourness but plenty of body and flavor . i regret that i did not notice the `` manual '' bar menu before i ordered , i have been dying to try a pour-over coffee , and i know it would have been delicious . pro-tip : there is no sign for the unisex restroom , which is to the left of the service area , past the bulletin corkboard .
had a cup of cappuccino . tasted good , but not that impressive . well , it is just a regular cappuccino . five star to the street view at a sunny winter afternoon .
refuge from the snowstorm , kind service , just wish it were a bit quicker . my husband got a shot in the dark coffee , i got a yummy goddess tea , and those were great . the service wa excellent and the patron working away on their laptop gave off a good vibe . i definitely want to come back and get some work done here . we had a great chat to the barista . the mushroom panini sandwich took a bit long to get , even though there wa not a rush lunch crowd . the mushroom were cold , i think id prefer them warmer ? - the side salad wa great .
tazza , you slippin ! when i first came to pittsburgh , this place wa a solid five star coffee joint not a good a i remember . still in the top tier of pittsburgh coffee shop but not even a contender for best anymore . vegan apple cinnamon donut were great but steamed milk on latte wa le wonderful than i remember . brownie : still a real surperative . but damn , when i am going to a place like this , for me it is all about the steamed milk .
saw this place listed on a blog -- and had to come here . we had tea and cappuccino . it wa delicious- but my favorite thing is the neighborhood and the outdoor seating . great for a coffee date
my mission before graduating is to try all the independent coffee shop in pittsburgh . tazza d'oro came highly recommended from my friend and i did not need any reason to go to any coffee shop . my girlfriend and i stopped in to grab some latte and catch up . we also decided to get their baked good . i never had a mocha that wa so smooth and i loved my chocolate croissant . the noise level wa relatively quiet and it may become my new study place . i will definitely be coming back for more of their coffee !
let me preface this by saying i am one of those bizarre people who doe not like coffee . given that , i consider it a testament to how absolutely wonderful tazza d'oro is , because one sip of my friend is mocha and i wa in silky , smooth heaven . i ordered the hot chocolate , which wa every bit a rich and creamy a a hot chocolate should be . on to the food - do not come here if you expect a wide selection of bite to pair with your drink . they only had a few option , but from what i could tell , each one wa crafted with love , skill , and just the right amount of sugar . i had a fruit tart ( berry and strawberry ) , which wa a delightful combination of tangy and sweet . my friend had a very satisfying chocolate croissant - but to be fair , it is difficult to make a chocolate croissant anything but . i wa so impressed that i took home an apple puff pastry and vowed to return posthaste . this is precisely the sort of place in which elizabeth bennet would while away a dreary day , were coffee shop accessible in rural , georgian england . i would not suggest coming with a large group ; neither the limited seating nor the ambience is conducive to that . it is quiet and intimate - ideal to catch up with friend or bury your nose in a book .
this is one of those place i really want to love . you walk in , it is super cute , nice ambiance , friendly staff , people are reading and talking ... none of these are bad thing . i got a regular coffee black and a sandwich , which came close to $ 15 . a little pricey but whatever . the sandwich wa just gross . old bread that wa just past stale to the gummy gross stage , almost no topping and some weird spread ( it wa the mushroom sandwich ) . the coffee wa just a little off . i could not put my finger on why , but it did not seem right . then i looked into the back room ... . there is bread stacked everywhere . no wonder mine wa stale . i might go back for coffee in a pinch , but i would not get food there again .
i do not drink coffee , so keep moving if that is what you care about . surprisingly quiet ( library quiet ) coffee shop , which is nice unless you are hoping to have a conversation without the looming self-consciousness of being overheard . surprisingly cheap iced/chilled tea . there wa a large group of neighbor gathering at the outside table , and a fair amount of passing conversation , which suggests this might be a community gathering spot for highland park resident . hoping to be inspired in future visit .
counter culture brand coffee is exceptional ! herbal , green and other tea choice are amazing . food : my least favorite is the portobello sandwich . . great location and ambiance .
wonderful place for both great coffee and a coolatmosphere for working with chill , usually good music and interesting crowd . if i wrote anything more it would be over kill . that is all you need to know . oh , except it is a good looking crowd and tell them to stay open later at least one night a week !
cute little shop ! i take my daughter here after school sometimes for a green tea and a snack . everything is delicious , we have never been dissatisfied . the staff is very friendly a well ! my favorite coffee/tea place in pittsburgh .
so , i used to come here all the time two year ago and it wa amazing . i thought i had discovered the shangri-la of coffeehouse in pittsburgh , but , much to my chagrin , the staff ha gotten ruder and le professional over time . seriously , all the people here have major attitude problem and need an adjustment . i refuse to pay good money ( and always tip ! ! ! ! ) when you people glare and judge all your customer . also , have you people heard of showering ? ! ? ! when your smell overpowers the smell of coffee in a coffeeshop there is definitely something wrong . their sandwich taste terrible a well , they have always been terrible . never going here again unless they re-staff pronto ! ! !
first time in the shop ! i created a yelp account just for this experience . if i could some up my experience at this cool little shop , it would be one word : wow ! great coffee ( and they even do manual pour ! ) the shop wa humming with clicking finger and beautiful indie tune that captured the fuzzy feeling of autumn . local milk , great and ethically sourced coffee , cool art on the wall , they have it al . however , the most important and memorable part of my visit to this godsend wa the barista , chris . talking with him made me feel special to be drinking coffee , and he wa able to explain many factor of coffee my silly brain previously did not comprehend ( not to mention he is cute , amirite ? ? ? ? ? ) that guy really know his stuff , and i would not be surprised if he were the manager of this local spot . the other barista wa really friendly too , and had cool tattoo ( which is something i appreciate about a workplace ! ) anyways , thanks for the great coffee , information and vibe !
i used to be all about this place before i moved to new york , so i wa excited this morning when i decided to get coffee for my girlfriend and i . seriously , fuck this place . i came in , and everyone gave me the once over , and i get the brooding barista act , but a a patron and someone who ha worked in the service industry , i feel like there definitely should be some sort humanesque emotion displayed from these people . all three behind the counter looked at me like i had ten eye and dick for eyebrow . i asked for iced skim latte , got a hot one , but hey , small fuck up . it wa the exasperated sigh when i corrected them , i could have fucking done without . still did not get an iced skim latte . also , when i point to something and use the proper name of it , i feel like it should not be a problem for an individual of average intelligence . i ordered an apple dumpling , pointed to the apple dumpling , and thought i wa watching them put it in there , until i turned my head for a second , and got a fucking danish . it would not have been a big fucking deal , if they werent fucking dick the entire time i wa there . yeah , five out of five star , definitely gon na go again and right my next screenplay .
now that is a nice latte . one of the better latte i have had . i will highly recommend it . i only got it to go , so i can not comment on much else . but i will recommend it . parking is a pain .
i love living in highland park and having enrico is tazza d'oro around the corner from my house a my new go to coffee shop . the location is pretty , inviting and quiet ; pandora play in the background - loud enough to enjoy , but not loud enough to drown out your conversation.and conversation there is ! it is a wonderful community where the regular meet of all age , talking about their family or getting together on saturday/sunday afternoon to catch up . otherwise you can come in do get some work done , discus your newest project with your coworkers or just fill out job application and yelp review like i do . the service is friendly and pleasant and the coffee is good . personally , i have been opting for the tea which is served in a larger pot if you are dining in . not the highest of high quality , but after all , it is a coffee shop and not tea [ plus my mother spoiled u with marktfrau back in the day ] . when my roommate vouches for coffee , i listen , and enrico is ha been t ' approved . all in all , like the place and love the community and naturally i will continue to make tazza d'oro my coffee shop destination .
i have lived in highland park , right around the corner for 10 month and never went until today . delicious ! ! best mocha i have ever had . ( coming from someone who is never gone to italy seeing a how so many poster here have said that lol ) . the food is good to . ha a croissant , fruit tart and apple pastry thing . so delicious ! !
love it here ! my boyfriend and i always walk our dog and stop for a latte while passing by . never a disappointment ! and absolutely loved that they offered kistaco local apple cider ! the mocha latte is my favorite and the croissant sandwich are awesome too ! by far the best around !
amazing community coffee shop that provides wonderful coffee , tea , and food . the setting is relaxed and welcoming . the staff are attentive and friendly.coffee shop come and go , but this one ha survived over the year because it is an amazing part of the highland park community.the price are reasonable and the quality is excellent . i highly recommend this shop .
came here for the first time and fell in love ! im always out looking for nice coffee house to get work done or socialize with a friend and i think i found my favorite spot ! they have a limited but delicious lunch menu and many many coffee option . i had a kale salad that wa reasonably priced and very filling and delicious . the house coffee wa probably the best i have had in pittsburgh , although i did not get to try the specialty drink so i can not speak on those . such a cute spot with outdoor seating and cute window seat indoors to gaze outside . very informative and friendly worker a well . so happy i found this place . i would have no problem going out of my way to come here versus another coffee shop . definitely worth it !
this area is nestled in a pleasant location next to the city water reservoir and highland park , which make it an excellent spot to grab a java if you are outside for a morning walk . it provides a clean and informal inside and brings a more diverse bunch than most cafes- lean a bit to the business casual bunch . still ha that area feel though . i have never had food there though they provide panini . excellent dessert . great espresso and fine java . outside chair . great location to analyze . a lot of notebook factory outlet and free wireless .
love it here ! my boyfriend and i always walk our dog and stop for a latte while passing by . never a disappointment ! and absolutely loved that they offered kistaco local apple cider ! absolutely love the mocha latte . the croissant breakfast sandwich are great too ! by far the best around !
tazza d'oro is a wonderful highland park treasure . the staff is phenomenal and the drink are superb , some of the best in pittsburgh . having lived dangerously close to tazza , the staff got to know our regular drink which wa always nice . it doe sometimes get rather busy/loud on weekend morning , so if you are looking for a quiet place to study or work make sure you are prepared .
i adore this area . it is wonderful to meet up with one ( or a couple ) of folk here but there is quite limited seat . it is fine in order to bring your dog and sit outside in the warmer month , though ! the staff is always so very friendly and talkative - constantly there to indicate matter and to get you laugh . such a `` hometown '' kind of surroundings .
in the top 3 coffee spot in pittsburgh . highland park is magic .
this is not my favorite coffee spot just because it is so close to my house ... it is my favorite coffee shop because of the coffee ! ! ... and the very nice baristas ... and the delicious brekkie sammies ... and the chocolate chip cooky ... and the outdoor seating ... and the nice people who work there . oops . i said that already .
delicious wing - sometimes a bit too deep fried for my taste , but really tasty flavor and spice . we went for all-you-can-eat wing night but sadly i could barely finish my first dozen . beer selection is much improved since turadg a . is post ; they have about 30 or so available to choose from .
the food here is okay . wing , bbq , bar food . the floor here is always super slippery . it doe not matter if i am wearing heel or sneaker . i just do not get why the floor is like and ice skating rink .
the main reason to go to buffalo blue would be for their all you can eat rib night every tuesday for $ 21 and their all you can eat wing night every wednesday for $ 9 . make sure you go with a bunch of guy , because it is not all you care to eat , it is a challenge . you have to eat all you can eat and your ego is on the line if you do not . i once went to rib night and one buddy of mine ordered a buffalo chicken salad when everyone else ordered rib . yea , he regretted his terrible decision.anyways . the food itself . the rib are basic baby back rib that come in a choice of mild , medium , and hot bbq sauce . i tend to just go medium , b/c i find a hot bbq sauce cover up the taste of the meat itself , and when i eat rib i care more about the taste and texture of the actual meat with the sauce being a supporting player . the rib are ok for mass produced rib , nothing spectacular . the most i have done is only two rack of rib , but that wa only because i did not want to keep everyone else waiting up for me . rib come in a rack in first round , and then re-orders come by the half rack.personally i prefer wing night , a they have fantastic wing . wing come in a dozen in the first round , followed by half dozen reorder until you are done . they have 12 different flavor , but my favorite one are buffalo blue , old yeller , and red hot parm . buffalo blue is a tasty bbq sauce that is not overly sweet like some of their other bbq sauce , old yeller is a carolina mustard based sauce , and red hot parm is a traditional buffalo sauce ( frank is red hot + butter ) then topped with parmesan cheese . their cool ranch , garlic parm , and spicy garlic can be a bit greasy , so if you do order one of those make sure it in a batch of 6 and you share with your friend , i kind of like their spicy garlic , but no one else ever want to split an order with me , oh well . their gold rush and death row are their two other non-spicy bbq sauce , but i prefer buffalo blue to both of them.for their spicy flavor , there is red hot , which is just a traditional buffalo , there is howlin ' wolf , which is a spicy sour sauce with pepper seed on it , and there is hotter than hell , which is a spicy bbq sauce . personally i find howlin ' wolf tasty in small quantity , but sometimes the sourness get to me . i tend to find spicy bbq sauce a bit funky , so i am not big on hotter than hell.if i have a big appetite i eat from 24-30 wing . if it just a regular day i will eat around 18-22ish wings.note : these wing are huge . they are not your typical wingzone or quaker steak and lube sized wing . these are real wing from real chicken , not some little baby chick just hatched from their eggs.the rest of the menu is just typical american restaurant food with various sandwich , a burger option , salad option , etc.highly highly recommended .
living down the street of buffalo blue ha it is advantage and disadvantage . the huge beer selection mean there is something for everyone . for any game there is always a crowd and you can have a good time eating the wing , which are decently priced and good.the bar is nice in the summer when they open the garage door . it is a nice bar to get a beer with friend where you can grab a table to eat then hang out at the bar to watch the game . but , while they have a good number of hd tv , only two are broadcast in hd so do not think you will be getting a great picture .
in the last week i have been here twice , partially because i do not know any better and partially because it is actually pretty good ! it is one of the few place that doe not reek of cigarette , it is never crowded and the open garage door are great for fresh air.i tried their buffalo ( boneless ) wing last night in the jack daniel is sauce - way better than sharp edge is . the sauce wa pretty mild but still quite tasty and if you are not a super wing eater , you can get a fries/wings combo for super cheap . to wash it down i had loose cannon beer , how can you pas up a beer with a pirate tap handle ! our waitress wa a little slow , she said it wa her first night . who make a new girl work on a friday night ! she seemed to have gotten more attentive and fast towards the end , or maybe it is because i wa not hungry anymore so i did not care.the beer wa pricy - tuesday night i had a maker is sour for the same price a a pint of beer ...
the front serf a a good pittsburgh sport bar . it is a particularly great place to watch the penguin in the spring when they open up the front wall . there are lot of hdtv is and there is a good selection of beer . the food , however , is bland and is terrible bbq , even for the northeast . i would not come here unless you want to watch a game that you can not see at home .
i have been here quite a few time , and i always try to like it cause there a lack of good sport bar near pitt . they have a ton of nice hdtvs.everytime i go , there is always a weird taste to one ( or more ) of the beer that i get . i wa just there for the pitt/oakland game and got a redhook . i drink this beer regularly , and something wa wrong with the beer . it definitely hard to describe , but something is always off ( others in my party notice it too ) .the food is hit or miss . i got the french onion soup last time . it wa good . nothing ground breaking , but solid soup . i have had the pork nacho and they were blah .
pretty good bar food . it is conveniently located and a fun atmosphere .
i found buffalo blue to be merely ok . i thought that their price were a bit high for the size of the portion , and their wing were rather small . i actually liked the wing sauce i tried , though ( red hot and spicy garlic ) . our server wa friendly , but not terribly attentive . i would probably only go again on an all-you-can-eat wing night . for $ 10 i would certainly get my money is worth , and the quality of the food wa ok.surprisingly , lot of vegetarian option . a vegetarian in our party wa floored by the possibility of having every burger or chicken sandwich made without meat or meat product .
tried this place to get my charred meat on before a steelers game , and wa not disappointed . boneless buffalo wing are my loovveeeeeeeee so i am pretty easy to please there , and i wa super happy that they allow you to order them in a small portion ( 5 wing ) . i tried a medium spicy sauce ( instead of jumping right to hotter 'n hell ) because i wa sick with anticipation for the steelers game , and it wa nice and sweet and not bland . predicting a healthy selection of nacho and other cheese drenched option at the steeler game , i had a salad . i expected it to be sad and pathetic , a salad at wing joint often are , but it wa really good ! the lettuce wa not all nearly white grossness , the other veggie were nice and crisp , and the topping were great ! i loovveeed the shredded chicken that did not have a bunch of gross grease all over it .
wednesday is wing night , i.e. , eat your face off night . for ~ $ 9 you can eat unlimited wing ( with your choice of various sauce ) for several hour . if you can , top it off with a brownie - they are quite good.i have mostly had the wing at blue & i like all of the sauce , but the burger are good , a well . whatever you do , make sure to get the sweet potato fry & tip your waitress ! ( especially if her name is meg ) .
wing night wednesday ! 50 cent price wing and $ 1 beer at william penn on tuesday and my body is not hurting too badly the next day , buffalo blue for all you can eat wing . there are a ton of sauce to pair with these wing . they bring them out 5 at a time so plan on ordering your next selection when your wing come out because they take quite a bit of time to come . i do not think i have ever eaten the other food here except for the wing because they are pretty good . the only downside to this place is that service is really really slow .
my local sport bar . it ha the prefered sound and enough television so no matter how busy it is , my neck is not cramped and i do not have to strategically place myself to listen to a game . it is a bar . it ha bar food . nothing really stand out for me in the realm of fry , sandwhiches and wing . on the other hand , i have never had a bad experience either . so when i eat there , i am not anticipating dissapointment or spectacular , but i am expecting constantcy . consistancy is what is delivered . buffalo blue doe have a wide array of enticing import and domestic . service is spotty , i do find myself hoping to find the more personable staff working when i go there . the plus is , when specific staff is working , the place is that much of a better establishment . consistantly just above average in my opinion.i chose 4 star because it is constantly an above par establishment . 5 star would require something really enticing to set it aside in character from a slew of other sport bar venue . i would like to observe the spring/summer atmosphere inwhich i am anticipating another review to be 4 star .
this is a great place for happy hour , to catch the game , or to have a small-ish private party . definitely check out their website for the daily happy hour special , but mon-fri from 5-7pm they have $ 1 off all drafts1/2 priced blue booze $ 5 nacho and quesadilla $ 5 basket of wing ( 10 piece ) east end beer are $ 3 all day , every day.the food here is not spectacular , but i have always enjoyed what i have gotten . being from the south , i would not think to order the bbq or catfish here , so i can not vouch for those . the spicy wing , cheese stick , salad , and grilled cheese are all good . the regular and server are pretty nice people . we watched the saint/steelers game here ( with our saint attire on ! ) , and easily made friend the whole night . they also have a small `` loft '' area that you can reserve for free for a private party , and you are supplied a waitress for the evening . finally , they deliver ! i love having another delivery option besides chinese and pizza . now i can be lazy and eat a big salad !
i ate at this restaurant last night with three dining companion . we decided to sit in the bar area at a high table which had view of the ample number of tv is . the beer list that they had wa nice with about 20 different beer on tap and a nice selection of bottle . i ended up having the philly shackamaximum with my waitress telling me that she preferred the long trail porter . it wa served in a chilled glass and tasted pretty good to me.for dinner we attempted to start off by ordering the blue bbq pork nacho . we were told that they did not have any pork and so we were not able to order it . at this point we were also told that they did not have any veggie burger a well . so we started out with the chicken chili nacho . they were pretty good and were covered with real cheese a opposed to nacho cheese which wa to my liking . for dinner i decided on having the lovely lisa is salad since i love both blue cheese and granny smith apple . upon receiving the salad i dug in . the chicken wa cooked nicely , moist and tender , and there wa a nice coating of blue cheese on the salad . however there wa a problem since there were no granny smith apple on the salad . whenever the waitress came back to check on u i asked about the missing apple . she went to the kitchen and came back and told u that they were out of them and promptly left . i am not normally one to complain but i feel like something could have been substituted in for the apple , or that i should have been told before ordering or they could have discounted the salad but none of that occurred . it is sad that it happened too because the rest of my salad wa pretty good but that left the proverbial bitter taste in my mouth.the bottom line is that i have been here before and the food is generally good . however , leaving a major part off an item and being told that the kitchen is out without any rectification will make me think twice before returning here again . it is a shame because buffalo blue doe have potential .
my coworkers and i had lunch here on a friday afternoon , and it wa a pretty `` meh '' experience for me . we were seated all the way in the back of the restaurant/bar , in a room that i did not even know existed , so apparently buffalo blue is bigger than i thought . it is nice that they have some table away from the main bar area.i went for the hot veggie sandwich with sweet potato fry , in some kind of attempt to be healthy . the sweet potato fry were not too bad , with a good flaky crisp . the sandwich left something to be desired . it wa not hot , first of all - i will say the ( slightly crumbly ) bread had been toasted with the cheese , but all the veggie ingredient were cold , leaving an overall lukewarm effect on the sandwich . the hummus spread did not taste much like hummus , and wa thick and pastey instead of smooth and creamy . there wa not a lot of exciting flavor , it wa just belly-filler , really . i guess that is what i get for trying to order healthy here . i just wa not much interested in it , and i do not think it wa worth anywhere near $ 8 . i better have a darn good sandwich if i am paying $ 8 . also , it wa relatively small in size - i do not have a huge appetite , so that wa not a problem . but i guess i think an $ 8 sandwich should either be awesomely delicious , or big enough that i can take half home . buffalo blue wa neither.not particularly interested in returning for any reason .
the best thing about buffalo blue revolves around sunday during football season . for me , personally , it is one of the best place to catch an nfl game ... especially if you are not a steelers fan . on any given sunday , you will find fan of just about every team in the nfl taking in a game , so the atmosphere is a positive one . seating is the only issue . get there early or you might end up standing to see your particular game , a seating can be a premium by the time the game begin . luckily , the tv is ( there are lot of them ) are all labeled with the day is matchup , so finding the game you are looking for is not a problem.the draft beer selection usually ha something for everyone , from local craft brew by east end brewing , to seasonal and your simpler standard ( hello , pbr ) , so if you are a beer person , you will not be disappointed.as far a service go , it is hit-or-miss . i have had mostly great service at the bar , but i have also had average to below average service at table . during bigger sporting event - primarily steelers game - the service can be even more iffy due to the sheer volume of people in the bar area.overall , i have to rate the food a average . i love their boneless wing , and their wing sauce are all very excellent . their pulled pork is really tender and delicious , a well , but most of their sandwich and burger are simply average . the fry can be either really good , or too soggy and greasy . i think the inconsistency in the quality of the cooking is the main issue . the menu read really well , which raise your expectation , but sometimes the execution will leave you a little disappointed . it is never horrible , but you will rarely be blown away by your meal.in the end , i am giving buffalo blue a higher rating based on the experience during sporting event , which , let is face it , is the real draw of a `` sport bar . '' a far a sport bar go , it is my favorite place to catch a game . they always get a good crowd for game ( whether sunday during the nfl season , saturday during big college game , or for pen game ) , and if you stick to the wing and beer , odds are your experience will be great . there is a good chance that you can go in and find fan of your team if you are an out-of-towner looking for a game , and the crowd is much more accepting , friendly , and relaxed than the crowd i have experience in other sport bar in town . most of my average experience revolved around non-game time when you try to get a more traditional meal and realize that there are just better option in shadyside for lunch and dinner .
superbowl sunday at the blue . i came to meet a group of friend to watch the `` who really care about this game '' show . i wa mainly interested in seeing madonna . i do have to say that we had a server who gave u the utmost attention . we had been seated at some table near the bar mid restaurant that were wobbling and driving me crazy . at the request of the party she moved u up front and center to a much better and stable seat . much better view to see the material girl ! so our server get 5 star ! not only for that reason , she kept the glass full and kept checking in with u , and took it all in stride a we ordered at different time and all had separate check . very classy , wish i could remember her name . young girl with dirty blond hair . the food wa pretty blah in my opinion . bar food none too exceptional . we had nacho that were on slightly stale chip . good size . everyone had a burger or sandwich . a i glanced over to my friend pulled pork it looked dry and sad left sitting on the plate . she said it wa `` eh '' . i ordered a gobbler club sandwich . it wa humongous but not that tasty , pretty dry . how can you go wrong with a club but the thick cut of turkey did not sit well with me and i did not like it at all . bad texture . the commercial and time with fun friend saved the experience but i would not go back to eat . just drink and sport . i like the location . easy to park . close to shadyside . madonna really wa the show stopper this night and unless she performs here i most likely will not be back .
i have heard about this place , i have seen this place , and i have wanted to try this place . finally , yesterday my company took u their for lunch and i did not leave disappointed . do not get me wrong , this is not a restaurant that is redefining the culinary scene in the city , but it is a tasty place to enjoy your traditional burger , fry , and drink.the atmosphere is total sport bar , but it is not overwhelmingly so . the staff wa nice and for being in a party of 14 , the server handled u well.the food wa great ! i got the salsa burger subbed with a turkey burger and it wa delicious . the burger wa plump and large , full of flavor and cooked perfectly . i recommend this burger ! it also had salsa and guac on top with some cheddar cheese and my mouth is still watering for it . tip ? get the sweet potato fry !
so , i went to buffalo blue tonight for the second time ( not the second time tonight , the second time in my life ) for dinner and some drink , and to sum up my experience in a few word , both time it wa about what i expected . just a fine sport bar - no more , no less.i will start with the drink . they have a good draft selection , and supposedly they have got a nice bottle list too , though i did not have a look at it , so i can not judge ; and the happy hour special compliment it well ( $ 1 off all drink 5pm-7pm ) . plus they have east end draft at $ 3/glass all the time , though they were out of big hop ( the only east end choice they have ) when i wa there ( i do not know if this is a regular occurrence , but if it is , they better do something about it ) . the bartender were friendly and quick to serve , quality that carried over to the food service a well.the menu ha a pretty good selection of pub-y and southwestern-themed food from which i picked the black bean and corn quesadilla . although at the end i wa running low on guacamole ( which is $ 1 extra for a small cup ) and sour cream , this is a small quibble . the meal overall wa good , and since i got it with the happy hour special , i can not complain . one thing i will mention is that there are not too many vegetarian choice on the menu ( i am not vegetarian , but i try not to eat too much meat , so i notice these thing ) , so if you are a vegetarian , i would try to look up the menu beforehand just to be sure there is something for you.i know i have not said much negative about buffalo blue in this review , yet i am still giving it only three star . this is the kind of place that make me appreciate the `` word version '' of the rating that yelp give u . `` a-ok , '' which , if you did not know , is how yelp describes three-star review , is exactly how i would describe buffalo blue . the comparison i keep going to in my head is die hard 2 . it is not nearly a good a it predecessor , but it is still something i am fine with popping in every once in a while when there is nothing better to watch.to sum it up - i am not a big sport guy . buffalo blue , though it is a sport bar , is not the place that would sway me to go to watch a game there with my friend ( i will still say that some kind of playoff game of the steelers-ravens i watched at big jim is wa one of the best sports-watching experience of my life ) . and , judging it a a sport bar , it did not do anything to justify my giving it anything but `` just fine . '' but i am sure i will go back there for happy hour again sometime .
when hotlick is died , buffalo blue wa born . it really is a pittsburgh staple but come on ... .food is really , really average . i love the rib and wing , but it is about the same a any other rib place in the city , only they charge an arm and a leg for it . this place is for the people that feel that they are at a real rib place , but do not want to cross centre or penn ave. to get real rib . it , technically is in shadyside so your mercedes will be safe ! the ambiance : the restaurant is always crowded . not just crowded , but packed with teen underage drinking , family with too many kid that overflow to your `` space '' and collage kid who also spill over from the bar . it is loud a hell ! ! ! forget about a nice quiet dinner . there seems to be no consideration for customer at all . last time i wa there , there wa a st. patrick is day party ( it wa not st. patrick is day ) that took over the whole place . though the staff tried ( nah , they did not really try ) to keep them in the so called `` party room '' i wa bumped into several time , spilled my beer , and could not hear my wife speak . but a long a they got their money ; they could give a crap . oh and there are like 100 tv to interrupt any conversation at your table.want to sit in the bar area ? good luck . you will see a mix of drunk people , woman who look like high-end prostitute and college kid who are only missing a beer bong . also it is loud a hell ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! the `` wonderful '' staff : it seems like it is everyone is first day . to put it lightly ; the staff suck ! to be sure , you will be waiting for your your drink , food and bill for a very , very long time . expect to be there for about 2-3 hour . the wait staff are forgetful , inattentive and very sloppy at their job . it pain me to leave any tip for them . most of the staff are hot , stacked , absolutely stupid and should be working at hooter not a place where your bill will be upwards of $ 50 for two people . be prepared to be met with this saying , `` oh , like ohmygod , i am so sorry i forgot that , he he ! '' ( oh she is twisting her finger in her hair while she is talking ) . you will get bad service ... period ( in fact , i can not remember the last time a wait person actually wrote down my order , and they are idiot so no worry ) .the food : kinda good . menu is huge , you will find something you like . but i go there about 2-3 time a year for the food . it is way too expensive . do not take a date there . your average bill for a meal with actual protein will run you in the high 40 without booze . there are so many bar-food place that do not claim to be high class that are just a good a this place . i grew up with the rib sauce and love it , but for your average consumer , skip it ! this place is a wannabe sport bar that try too hard to be high end . just watch out for the vomiting college kid with trust fund ... they are everywhere ! ! ! ! !
this review is on lunch at buffalo blue . i have been here a number of time for dinner and for late-night drink , and have always thought it wa a great place to grab a drink and watch a game , but have not been overly impressed with the food . that is , until yesterday . i came in for a quick bite to eat and ordered the hot veggie sandwich . it wa fantastic - the best veggie sandwich i have had here in pittsburgh . other than that , service wa good and fairly quick . i made have found my new go-to lunch spot !
food : 2 star . it is really not very good . especially the entirety of the combination platter they make with chicken finger and wing . blue cheese wa not bad though . my wedge salad wa enormous- more like a half head of lettuce than a wedge . nice and fresh though . drink : 3 star , for the decent variety ( better than expected from a place like this ) and the game time specials.service : 3 star . could have been better , could have been worse . friendly but unattentive and not good at realizing when to come to the table . ( hint : if one person call you over for a drink , make sure the rest of u are set before running away . ) atmosphere : 4 star - really good job of having enough television for everyone to see the game/s and marking each so you know what is on . 1 bonus star for accommodating the pittsburgh area buffalo bill fan ! go bill ! ! !
oh how the mighty have fallen . this place used to be good . something happened and the wing are small dry and just generally bad . since wing are supposed to be their thing this is pretty unacceptable.writing this review make me sad because it is a great place to drink beer and watch the game . the beer is reasonably priced but the food is just expensive for what it is . i essentially live across the street so i know i will go back , but i hope some of these poor review will help them turn thing around in the kitchen .
the buffalo chicken dip is very good . their wing night are decent ( gold rush/death row are probably the two best flavor in my opinion ) . wednesday night trivia is also fun ( thought it took much longer than expected ) . a good sport bar to say the least , usually went there for world cup and euro cup soccer game a well .
good fun place to watch game while drinking and eating chicken wing or sandwiches.they have a good selection of wing and decent beer . i try different kind of wing every time i go in but so far spicy garlic ha been my favorite . this is a typical sport bar .
good place to watch a sport game . beer special were good . food is very overpriced though . the wing are about the worst i have ever had ... and i have had alot of wing growing up in buffalo , ny .
pas on this place , there are better restaurant mere foot away.the menu here is too large , which is a sure sign none of the food is going to be good . and , it not good . some of the salad are alright , but it just not good food.the service is friendly and prompt , but the beer is over priced . they do have a good selection though.this place is open late if you need a bite to eat , but there are so much better option out there .
this is the worst service ( or worst non-service ) i have ever experienced . since i can not give zero star , i am giving the service one . we did not eat anything so i can not comment on the food . my husband and i went to buffalo blue last night . we stood at the empty hostess stand for a while . when no one came to seat u , and we could not find anyone to seat u , we seated ourselves figuring that is what we were supposed to do.the bar wa full , but not packed . there were only two other table with guest , one of which had empty plate on the table during this entire experience . after what seemed like forever , my husband got up to find a server . he literally walked around the restaurant to find someone , but could not . he then tried to ask the bartender , but she wa just a elusive . when he finally found a server , she acted totally shocked that we were there . maybe if someone had been doing their job , they would not be surprised to find hungry people in a restaurant.she came to our table , got our drink ( a soda and a water ) and asked u if we were ready to order . when we said no she said she would be back . we could see her chit chatting with another server , but again , could not get her attention to come back to take our order . after another ten minute of waiting for her to return , we put a few dollar on the table for my soda and we left . we ordered a pizza at a local shop and picked it up on our way home.twenty-five minute passed and we only get drink ? such a waste of time . it took u 20 minute just to make the drive there , 25 of waiting , and another 20 to get home . that is over an hour of our evening completely wasted which left u starving after a hard day work . i used to work a a server so i could understand if the place wa busy and the staff wa short handed , but it wa basically a dead night table top wise . i will never go back .
their food is okay and beer selection is diverse and good . the problem i have with the place is that buffalo bill fan congregate here and cheer on every mediocre play their football team make , ( or almost make ) so it is like watching the superbowl except it is a losing record team stopping a team on third down .
i hate this place . i have been here many time and i am just finally getting around to writing a review . let me state that my wife made me go here tonight because my friend wanted to and she said i need to indulge their interest . even if they suck . buffalo blue is like a hooter , except the girl where more clothes and are not a good looking . the service is horrendous and the food may be better at hooter . the beer selection is decent at buffalo blue but it is expensive and they often run out of thing that are still on the board.my friend like going for all you can eat wing night but frankly i do not get it . you get 10 wing up front they will give more wing 5 at a time . the problem is that you get those wing in 30 minute interval . so the max you could eat is 55 wing . did i mention that the wing are really tiny and the sauce is tossed on like a jackson pollack painting . they also charge extra for blue cheese or ranch . the wing do not come with celery . this is a crime against humanity and the city of buffalo . i chose to detour from wing tonight and ordered a chicken sandwich . apparently this wa a bad choice . it took a full hour to get my food . it wa so long that the rest of the table ate their wing and ordered more and the waitress did not think this wa a problem . when my meal did arrive everything wa cold . the sandwich wa ok , but the fry were just tiny piece that were limp and flavorless.i paid $ 16 for a beer and a sandwich that my friend had to wait for me to eat to leave . i would say i will not go back , but apparently i like my friend more than i like good food and service .
went here this past saturday afternoon , 11/2 . my friend and i sat at the pretty much empty bar for over 5 minute with no service . the bartender walked by u a few time and did not even acknowledge we were there . a we walked out , we saw the bartender on the phone and other staff member standing in the back chatting . we went next door to mad mex and got much better service !
great beer selection and nice happy hour deal . i recommend the garlic parm wing . good service too
i have a love-hate relationship with this place ... i love it because it is extremely close to me ( so , it is convenient when i am craving a beer ) and the atmosphere on sunday is outstanding . i am a giant steeler fan , but you will probably find fan from all 32 team in buffalo blue , which give it a fun and exciting feel during nfl sunday . however , i hate it because i believe the alcohol and food is overpriced . the food would not rub me the wrong way so much if i thought it wa worth the price , but i do not . not even a little bit . the only thing i have found to be delicious there were the wing ; however , you can go to almost any other bar to get delicious and cheaper wing . so , it is not really much of a win at all . also , i want to have a handful of beer during the game , but i do not want to empty my pocket doing it . so , all in all , i recommend going once and awhile ( mainly on sunday ) for a beer or two , but other than that it is not worth much of a visit .
i have mixed feeling about this place . i will say up front : i only ever go there on sunday for football , and i would never go there for any other reason . it is the only bar i know of in the city where you can reliably find every nfl game televised and enjoy your sunday if you are not a steelers fan . pretty much every team is represented by the crowd on sunday , with a disproportional number of bill and redskin fan . the crowd is generally friendly , with many of the same face from week to week.they tend to have a wide selection of beer that rotates pretty regularly , but wide selection doe not always mean good selection . that said , sometimes they get some really great beer that you would not expect to find at a sport bar . whatever you do , do not order a bloody mary , they are atrociously bad . the staff is almost universally friendly , with the exception of one barback who seems to always be in a bad mood and rude to customer ( he often take over a bartender later in the day on sunday ) . that said , the wait staff do not seem to know much about the food or beer that are offered , often mis-characterizing new beer that are on tap or giving wrong information about thing on the menu.the food is mediocre and over-priced . when two of u go for one game on a sunday , drink 3-4 beer each and each order an entrée , we generally end up with a tab in the $ 80-90 range , depending on what we are drinking that day . in a city that is almost universally accommodating to vegetarian , this place is most decidedly not . they have a veggie burger which is actually pretty good , but it is the only decent thing on the menu for a vegetarian to eat ( there is also a grilled cheese sandwich and a veggie sandwich , both of which are bland to the point of tasteless . it is like eating plain bread ) . they have 4 entrée salad , and every one of them ha meat a a defining ingredient . they do not even have bean so you could have decent veggie nacho . i know , it is a sport bar , but i do not want to eat the same veggie burger every sunday for 17 week . it get old . fast.upshot ? in the absence of a new sport bar opening up , we will be back next season , but not before then .
to be honest , i think this is one of the worst bar in the entire city . the food wa sub-par , even for bar food , the service wa awful , especially during a game . i do enjoy a good sport bar , but i think the thing i hated most about this place wa the other people that frequent there . it is the quintessential shadyside bar , equipped with doughebag bros that went to the same fraternity in college and the jersey shore bimbo who pine for them . the last time that i went there were two guy throwing up outside of the bar on the sidewalk . i fully admit this is a subjective review , because this bar wa obviously not my scene- but i still do not like this place at all .
unfortunately , the service we were given ruined our overall experience at buffalo blue . we sat down and put in our drink order . my husband wa excited about the amount of beer they had on tap . fifteen minute later and still without drink , we saw our server trying to hunt the bartender down . once the bartender finally started working on our drink , she realized the keg for the beer my husband ordered wa tapped . we were sitting at the booth right next to the bar but instead of the bartender just telling u so we could make another decision and get our drink a soon a possible , she waited for the waitress to come back to tell her . then , the waitress came back and did not apologize at all but simply said that he had to pick a different beer because they were out of that one . anyway , long story short , it took way too long to get drink and there wa never any recognition from the staff of the issue . the restaurant seemed poorly managed and subpar . we will not be back .
i would take advantage of all you can eat wing on wednesday . we went on a regular oll sunday night and even though the wing were tasty , my frugal self would have rather had ayce . we tried a variety of sauce ( we ordered 20 wing and every 5 can be a different flavor ) the buffalo blue sauce wa ok . it wa just their signature bbq sauce . we also tried garlic parm , honey teriyaki & gold rush . all were ok . the boozy buffalo is a good drink . it consist of smirnoff orange , tanquery , jose cuervo , captain , triple sec , oj , fresh squeezed lemon and a splash of coke . i seriously felt fabulous after one . it is served in a mason jar . ( $ 12 ) lauren wa a nice server even though the table in front of u put her through some b -- they ate all of their food then complained to the server and asked for the manager complaining that what they got it wa not what they ordered ... no idea why they waited until every scrap of food wa gone to complain but you know , you will have that . kudos to lauren for keeping a smile on her face .
watched a bartender serve a guy a beer when he wa visibly intoxicated . he wa swaying in circle on the chair next to me . i told the manager about it and he told me `` that guy is just crazy , i have seen him much worse '' so i guess that make it ok. made this paying customer leave after one beer .
the beer selection is large the food is pretty good too . the wait staff is friendly the atmosphere is good ... the patron can be miserable human being . i come here sometimes for trivia on wedensday night . they have 3 dollar mystery beer , it could be delirium ( highly doubtful ) or it could be pbr . but over 20 beer on tap pretty much all craft beer . reasonably priced beer and food .
had a wonderful beef and pulled pork burger at buffalo blue yesterday . the food and drink were great ; however , a far a i could discern this sport bar only had one waitress trying to cover over 30 customer . and this on a saturday with the world cup game . i saw only one waitress and a bar man . the gal wa valiantly trying to keep up . but the burger wa great .
this place is a keeper ! it wa pretty good . i got the cajun chicken sandwich with french fry for take out . i waited at the bar , and ordered a drink while i waited . i had the caipirinha ... not a good a seviche is , but then again this is buffalo blue ... . if you need an `` all american '' food fix , this is the place to be .
i may be a little biased ... this place is right down the street from my house and we go there frequently , but i think blue is great . i have had quite a few thing in the menu but two thing that i love more than others are the cobb salad and the oscar is garbage burger . the cobb salad is just a cob salad , but some how they make it better than most . i do not know if it is the sprout or the dressing , but it is one of the best cobb salad i have ever had . and the garabge burger ... .mmmmmmm . this burger caught my attenetion at first because it ha an egg on it . i lovelovelove a burger with an egg on it . i do not know what genuis started the egg on a burger trend , but kudos to you ! but that is not all . imagine a primanti is sandwich but with a big , fat burger . it ha fry , cole slaw , an egg and american cheese . my bf often comment it is strange there is no bacon , but honestly , that will be over kill . they also have a really good veggie sandwich with hummus ( i do not remember the name ) , a great buffalo chicken sandwich and fantastic appitizers . also , it is worth mentioning they hace really good hand cut fries- not those mushy frozen crap sticks- and great fresh homemade potato chip . now , a far a the rib and wing go , i am not a big ribs/wings person . i can appreciate that they are good , but i would not order it much . having said that , my bf frequently order one or the other and i always have my fair share of taste . he raf about them so ... .if you looking for a nice place to watch a football or hockey game or just craving some good food i highly suggest it !
i have been to buffalo blue a few time at happy hour , and met my daughter there last night for happy hour special a advertised on the web site . first clue : no happy hour promos mentioned in the bar except for the yeungs and wing ( which wa not what we were looking for ) . we came close to leaving a my beer wa off the draft list , but we decided to stay and were disappointed that my daughter is choice wa already gone although still ilsted . the food wa awful , the service worse . maybe a busser should clean the table after removing the dirty dish -- our table wa a sticky mess . the service : one beer to the table at a time . next round i saw two beer go to a three-top , removed and sent to the bar , poured out and the glass refilled and brought to u . someone else is food wa brought to our table , our fry came out -- lukewarm -- -but our wing order never went in . so we got our garlic parm wing which tasted like old overcooked chicken and wa way too crispy and greasy for my taste . we ate two each , then told the server we did not want them . she offered to take them off , but we told her that wa not necessary , so they took off 1/2 the price a a customer service gesture . still , we had a happy hour bill for 1/2 eaten fry , barely touched wing , and 6 draft total of $ 45 at a dirty table . at least the place wa quiet -- there were empty table everywhere . i think we are done here .
wing are overpriced . and the quality of them are bad . they were tough and greasy . the staff are pleasant but then over all experience wa too expensive for a sport bar .
not bad atmosphere little cramped in the booth in the bar area . wing were really good actually and the boozy buffalo wa yummy .
can not believe this place only ha 2.5 stars.. a 1-star should be absolutely disgusting and dirty which this place is not . those who are rating this place a 1-star need to take out that stick up their ass and take their hate elsewhere . every time i have been here , there is great service and food wa good ( not 5 star ) . true , wing are overpriced but then wednesday they have all you can eat . their fry and dessert are good . service , despite a patriot game on , wa great .
i love this place . i been going here for year . i loved the bbq sauce when it wa used at the old hot lick in shadyside and later the motor square garden . i wa happy when i found out buffalo blue used the same recipe . the service is okay , parking is an issue , but it is worth it to me . try the burger with bbq sauce . yum yum
this place is pretty good ! my coworker and i come almost every friday for half off draft and wing . service is decent and everything i have eaten here ( except the yinzer fry ... those are kind of gross ) ha been delicious .
decided to grab a drink and a quick dinner with my ball n ' chain at the bar . i ordered the half n ' half combo of soup and sandwich ( grilled cheese and tomato soup ) . the husband had the grilled chicken sammie . a soon a the kitchen dumped out my order the bartender immediately took issue with the portion size . it wa much appreciated . he immediately went back and got me more food . regardless of how good the service , the food wa not worth coming for . the soup wa the consistency of the stuff in the canned soup that they instruct you to add water to prior to heating ( minus the whole adding water step ) . a a result , it wa a thick a a dip . despite not being soup , it made a great dip for the potato chip . sit at the bar .
went to wing night last night ( 06/10 ) and had the most kickass service at the bar . the wing were awesome , beer wa good , and the staff wa really helpful in finding seat for our inconveniently large 7-top . good vibe , good price , and seriously , awesome bartender .
i end up coming here more frequently than i would like due to their trivia night on wednesday . unfortunately every time i wish i wa somewhere else.their claim to fame should be their wing , but they are consistently some of the worst in pittsburgh . the sauce are forgettable , they consistently come out cold , and they cost $ 11 for 10 ( forgetting wing night obviously ) . you will think that you could at least wash it down with a cold beer but whatever room they keep their keg in must just have a window unit air conditioner.service is normally fine , but the place is always dirty and hot a hell . i would not recommend ... head next door to mad mex or literally anywhere across the highland ave. bridge .
the decor is nothing fancy but the food is surprisingly good ( and fresh ) . i have gotten takeout and eaten at the buffet . both good for the price - it is inexpensive .
china garden appears to be your run of the mill chinese take out place ( standard menu , decor , etc ) , but i wa very pleasantly surprised how good the food wa . we had both the cashew chicken and seafood delight , and both were awesome . also worth noting they are super fast ( food wa ready within 10 minute ) . i will easily say this is the best chinese takeout place i have found since i have been in pittsburgh ( about a year ) . highly recommend it .
i have said it before , and i will say it again , i love me a buffet.an excellent price for some good food never hurt . all the usual chinese fare is on the buffet with that american flare added for some spice ... i suppose it would be to spice it up ... anyway i got to taste all my favorite chinese food from general tso is to cheese won ton . just in case i did not want to overdose on chinese i decided to try some of the mac n ' cheese and fried potato ( although i admit i added sweet and sour sauce to the potato ) . server are around often to pick up the plate you are finished with and to make sure your glass are refilled . atmosphere is somewhat comfortable . appears to me they tried to squeeze in more seating than they could . i would have given five star , but a my friend pointed out while we were there , our water tasted like it came from a hose you may have used to fill up your backyard pool . next time i will go with the soda i suppose .
this is my go-to place for curing a hangover . i do not know what it is about chinese buffet the day after a long night of round after round , but it doe the trick . i also like to come here before i go grocery shopping at the nearby trader joe is because everybody know it is a bad idea to go shopping for food stuff on an empty stomach.all of my favorite are here , veggie lo mien , string bean , mac 'n cheese , crab rangoon , hot & sour soup , i have not seen dan bing ( egg pancake ) in awhile but when they have them , they are out of this world with some peanut sauce . another thing i miss is creamed spinach ... i have yet to see this dish on a pittsburgh buffet but if you go outside of the city it is a staple among chine buffets.another star got knocked off for the lack of fresh fruit on the dessert table . canned pineapple and mandarin orange will always carry that metallic taste to them that is just no comparison to having the real thing .
the hot and sour soup wa ok. everything else wa basically inedible . water wa not noticeably hose-y a per other review . more than 1/4 of the buffet wa american food , and a lot of the rest wa seafood that almost had to be `` krab '' , considering the price of the buffet . no pot-stickers , no pork egg roll , no sparerib , no won-ton soup .
just ate there , right next to gamestop & google , ha 3 small booth , & ordered the pepper steak w/ onion ( $ 10.95 ) . food is fast fresh & hot , but mine had too much onion & not enough steak . at the end of the meal i wa just eating onion with rice , though i hear this is healthy for you . counter lady wa cordial , but did not reply when customer told her , `` have a nice day '' # awkward . i know that english is not her first language but she need to catch on that people are wishing her well . wa not stuffed full either despite having eaten a large plate ( i usually get this feeling eating asian ) . this is basically a nice place to go for lunch that will not ruin your appetite for dinner . ( side note : food is very clean . brushed my teeth an hour before w/ tom is of maine fluoride-free peppermint & still had minty fresh breath an hour after eating )
this is my 2nd time here and i thought that i attributed the satisfaction of my first visit due to the fact i wa sooooo hungry . well my 2nd time and for a chinese buffet , this place is fantastic . the restaurant itself is very clean . the buffet is also very clean and even though i showed up within an hour of closing , they were still bringing out fresh entree . the amount of choice is le than just about all the chinese buffet that i have ever been too , but in my opinion they make up for that in delicious food . all the patron here are american , so this is not the asian place where the asian eat . it is very non-spicy , non-original food , but it is fresh and good tasting . i would certainly return . giving it 7.5 knuckle out of 11 .
this place is horrible , i got in and only eat for like 5 min , everything there wa salty and gross .
this is an average chinese buffet . the food wa not bad , but not impressive neither , plus some cheap american food . the food wa a little too greasy even by american chinese food standard , and my stomach complained soon after i left that place . to me , that is a no-go signal.on the other hand , they seemed to have a non-buffet counter next-door , perhaps the food would be better there .
i think 2 or 3 star is accurate for this joint ... the chicken is quality meat and it lightly sautéed but the sauce is to blah . it is a nice place to sit down and have chinese food if you have no other local option . it is my last resort for chinese food in the area . price are absurd ! ! !
china garden is your basic americanized chinese food with one possible exception : it is got an above average buffet . most chinese buffet i have eaten at range from `` meh '' to `` ick '' . but the vegetable seem fresh and crisp , the chicken here is tender and not rubbery , and the egg roll are fairly good.it is worth checking out if you need a quick meal .
i needed a quick snack before doing errand and heading home and wa in the shopping strip where there is a trader joe is near bakery square.i am usually an asian food snob having lived for many year in san francisco / bay area but i thought i will try some amerasian food.i ordered moo shoo pork which wa not bad , just kind of bland and not teeming with pork.that being said the vegetable were cooked well with a nice slightly crisp , not soggy texture . i will sat if you want quite decent not quite chinese food and quickly china garden would not be a bad place to stop .
it wa good for a change from regular food ... ...
i have gotten pick-up order from here many time . it is standard americanized chinese food that hit the spot whenever i am driving by and get a craving . the food is promptly made ( about 10 minute after i call in my order ) and the vegetable taste fresh . i am a big fan of their crab rangoon ; there is lot of filling in them compared to the rangoon from other place . the sauce and meat in my meal is not a flavorful a other chinese take-outs have been , but it is still tasty . and my experience with the staff ha been fine . also fyi , it is cash only , and there is an atm right outside by the door . i have never eaten in ( there is a few table ) or in the buffet that is attached next door , so i can not speak on that . but overall , if you are getting a craving for some inexpensive chinese and you are in the area , might a well give it a try .
absolutely horrible . do not go here . it is like $ 11 for dinner which is not bad for chinese buffet but they only have 2 little row of food . and it all is so bad . the chicken in the chicken and broccoli wa so small and it looked disgusting . the sweet and sour chicken looked like drop of hard , fried batter . the general tsaos chicken wa soggy and once again the smallest piece of chicken . those were basically the option . plus corn and shrimp , brown green bean , salad bar , and egg roll..so bad . and the waitress gave u our bill and stood there until we got our card out and paid . will never go there again . do not go .
i have furnished 90 percent of my home with arhaus item including a sectional sofa , chair and ottoman , accent table , lamp , dining table and chair , etc . the upholstered item are very comfortable but the furniture finish are somewhat problematic . i have tried a variety of different furniture cleaner and polish and can not restore the surface without smudging and streaking . the sale staff member are very friendly and knowledgeable , i have dealt with 3 staff member over the past 5 year and have been pleased with their expertise and service.all in all , i am a satisfied customer . i recommend this company if you are looking for contemporary furniture with a traditional flair .
arhaus sell beautiful , beefy , traditional furniture for an equally large ticket . this store is surprisingly large , and i loved that it display such an extensive selection . after i will been in the store at least 5 minute , an eccentric associate greeted me . i definitely plan to return to the store in the future when i am looking to refresh my super-comfortable family room sofa .
beautiful item , throughout . mostly large piece , meaning not for small space living . are you a leather lover with a nice big room to furnish - go here ! big traditional furnishing with a smattering of the unexpected to keep thing interesting and fresh . staff is helpful but not pushy , although we were clearly 'browsing ' ...
arhaus ha top end furniture . living room , dining room and accessory . i particularly like their glass sliding door stackable bookcase . these attractive , sturdy shelf come in several stained finish . arhaus delivers which is good for heavier item . also eye catching are their various desk . they have a nice showroom in shadyside across from madmex
i have a cat , so this review is cat-centric.great independently owned pet store . they only carry more premium food , so if you feed your cat fancy feast or cat chow , do not come here for that sort of thing . also only carry the more eco-friendly cat litter - no tidy cat here ! friendly staff , and the price are not much more than you would be paying at petco or similar place . of course , you do not get the huge selection either , but this is my go to place for buying food , litter , and random toys.it make me feel good to be supporting a local establishment . try it - you might find that you like it too .
not really an update so much a a plea to the yelp community . if you are needing pet supply and live in the point breeze/shadyside/squirrel hill/east liberty area , please please consider stopping by and supporting this store . with the new petsmart ( or is it petco ? ) open down the street where border used to be , this independently owned store is under a lot of pressure to survive . given that the price are not that different , please give this place a shot . i am not super anti-chain store , but i am pro-independent store ( doe it have to be a zero-sum game ? ) .
i love smiley is . it is that kind of amazing local establishment where ginny ( the owner ) know everyone is name , their pet name and the product you like to buy . you know the one ... .the only place around that carry that food/treat/toy your pampered pet like , so you will travel near and far to find ? for u , that pet is our cat , nicholas , and that hard to find treat is the dehydrated chicken treat he love . what i love is that but everything they have is a quality product . none of that good , better , best stuff like the box store ; they will only sell the best , healthiest product for your pet . super friendly staff and fantastic product ... i mean , what else can you ask for ? ?
this is the only store that carry a wide variety of smaller , healthier , and holistic dog food brand , including a variety of venison food for allergy-prone terrier . they also offer a variety of anti-stress remedy for pet . i do not want to spend three hour shopping aisle after aisle for dog food . that is why i come to smiley is . plus , they do not charge a much for wellness and fromm ! ! ! the shop is simple , go in , find what you need or order it if they do not have it ... no excuse or searching or surcharge . best of all , unlike petsmart and petco , they do not work with corporate farm that kill thousand of small animal every year .
my wife and i have both been seeing dr. segal for over five year . he is great , one of the best chiropractor i have seen over the year and i strongly recommend him to everybody we know . i have had regular chiropractic care since my late teen , not just for injury , but also maintenance . dr. segal ha been excellent about tailoring treatment and frequency to what is going on . no sale pitch for extra , just a good assessment and focused manipulation . from someone who put a lot of stress on my neck and back through work and play , this is a great place to go .
i am a medical professional who would have never gone to a chiropractor ... until 2010 . a univ of penn medical school graduate told me about dr. segal . his down to earth personality and explanation excellent . jackie his admin everything is wonderful . after 2 month of intense treatment i have had no issue , complete mobility and back to normal . he is not selling nutriceuticals , xrays , device , etc . he is there for his patient , period . great great guy .
dr. seagle is wonderful . my whole family go to him . the amazing feeling of instant relief that i get every time i hear that pop , is amazing . i have been to chiropractor all over the world . none of them to the success of dr. seagle . i used to have chronic migraine daily . would go a few time a week . after continual visit for year . i am happy to report i rarely get migraine and only need to visit every couple of month . this man know what he is doing !
i had never gone to a chiropractor until i saw dr. segal . he explained everything from start to finish - a bedside manner that enables anyone to feel at ease . i am referring all of my coworkers and friend to this man.essentially , a good a it get . i do not plan on going anywhere else .
my husband ha been going to dr. segal for many year . in 2011 , i finally broke down and went for chronic low back pain . dr. segal immediately diagnosed it a a hip problem and told me to see a suitable md . long story short : i had my hip replaced in 2013 . recently i started going to dr. segal again ... still having back problem ( some kind of joint in my spine this time ) . the problem is much better after alignment . so ... we have had very good experience with shady hill chiropractic .
i have gone to dr eric segal since i wa in my late 20 is . that wa a long time ago ! doc ha solved my sciatic nerve problem that brought me here year ago . he ha helped me on several occasion with injury . now it is just routine maintenance . he truly is a kind and compassionate man who know his stuff . i have recommended him to several people and everyone loved him and use him a part of their health care . jackie run the office like a well oiled machine !
made an appointment for 3:30 . they completely forgot i wa coming but said they could start on my car in ten minute and be done in an hour . came back an hour later only to see my car in the same spot . they said it would take another two hour to start work . completely unhelpful and unapologetic .
i came in with a flat . they said they could not repair the tire because there wa cracking on the edge . true there were crack , but they were hairline crack and superficial . the diagnosis wa done just from examining the exterior , which i discovered , is not sufficient to adequately judge if the cracking is bad enough -- you have to actually take the tire off.coincidentally , all four tire had the light cracking and therefore all four tire would probably need replacing . hmmm ... . how convenient for monro ? well , even if i give them the benefit of the doubt on the tire cracking , the pricing on the tire wa ridiculous . my tire , which were under warranty , would have cost over $ 500 to get replaced with crap tire ( that is with the warranty credit applied ) . oh but wait , they could make me a deal with some in-house tire that were even crappier for $ 480 . how did i know they were crappy ? i looked them up online . guess what else i found . both set of tire were significantly cheaper according to the manufacturer is website even when including installation , balancing , and disposal ! so no , no thank you . i do not want to pay $ 500 to get cheap tire on my car.fortunately , my tire would hold air for a few hour so i drove to another place . they fixed the flat no problem for $ 20 . guess that cracking wa not so bad after all .
the new manager , ray , wa really friendly and helpful . had to diagnose something with my car-done quickly . i usually go to the monroe in wexford , this one is just a great ! thank you !
like the previous reviewer , the new manager ray is awesome . i needed a relatively simple tire change . it wa handled professionally and friendly.what got my attention is that , while i wa waiting , ray wa dealing with a really difficult customer . i would have blown my top at this guy , but ray wa calm told him his option ( which , a a car guy , i agreed with ) and handled his concern . like a pro .
i came in here to have a diagnosis done on my car because the ab light wa on . they removed all the tire , showed me how the sensor and ab work , did not perform the diagnosis i originally went in for and told me that i should have the back wheel hub replaced for a total of $ 1,222 , this with a new set of break ( that i knew about ) and `` without '' charging me labor . i may not know much about car but i know how to search the internet and ask for advice . i found the cost of wheel hub , they are no more than $ 150 each ( for my car ) and here they said that they cost $ 550 each ( before labor ) . i also found out that the sensor get so soiled from all the dirt and salt that most of the time all the car need is a simple wash on the undercarriage . you should always have your car washed , specially in the winter . it may save you $ 100's.this place will rob you blind.never have work done in a place like this until you do your homework !
i knew i needed new tire and an alignment so i ordered the tire ahead so i could be in-and-out a quickly a possible to make it to class . showed up noone had ordered the tire but they said they will split the difference of a different brand . i wa a little irritated but agreed and thought this wa going to be a bad decision coming here ( i am from out of town ) ; however , i wa pleasantly surprised by the service . the mechanic noticed the car is bushing were what wa causing the problem it took awhile and they offered a little extra discount which wa much appreciated . overall , it took 2 and 1/2 hour , had front aligned , bushing replaced , two new tire , and an oil change ... .cost $ 606 . so , i still believe it wa a little pricey but the guy were great and i can definitely note an overall difference in my car .
i took a subaru outback here for the annual state safety and emission inspection . first i wa charged more for this service than what wa clearly posted on the service station wall . secondly i wa failed for a lug nut that had rusted to the point that the technician could not get it off . i wa quoted $ 425 for them to get it off . i wa able to accomplish this with a $ 6 bottle of penetrating oil and a breaker bar . when i returned to have the reinspection i wa charged for it ( their policy posted on the service wall clearly state you get a second inspection within 30 day of initially failing free of charge ) . this time they were able to get the lug nut off but supposedly could not get it back on . this wa odd a i had taken it off and put it back on numerous time to ensure it wa okay to pas . they once again quoted me $ 425 , stating they would have to replace the wheel stud . the new wheel stud cost me $ 3.50 at the local part store and i did the job in under an hour without a single power tool . this shop is not following the guideline they have clearly posted on their wall and are fabricating problem in an effort to overcharge you for simple repair . avoid this shop .
have taken my car here a few time because there is a bus stop out front so it is convenient to drop my car off and get to work . but after what happened i will never be back . they just cost me money and lost my tire . in march i blew a tire on a pothole ( naturally ) and they replaced the two front tire for me . the second tire wa fine but you have to replace both , i kept it so that i would have a spare if another one blew out . put the tire in my basement , no problem . saved for a rainy day . this week i ran over a nail and the tire wa not fixable so i had to get it replaced . luckily i have got a spare ! i called monro early this morning to see if i could get in but they said it would be tomorrow at the earliest . i needed my car so i took it to pep boy ( three hour turnaround - also the last time i needed an oil change they said they were booked for three day , good lord ) . i drop the car off at pep boy and tell them the extra tire is in the back . they call me up and tell me the tire is the wrong size . what ? monro gave me the wrong tire back when they replaced them in march . so i had to buy a new tire when i had a perfectly good one that is now god know where . the tire wa the wrong size and definitely did not come from my car a it would not have fit on the rim . after paying for the tire at pep boy i went over to monro to see what they would do about it . they informed me that because i already had the new tire put on they could not do anything but the next time i came in they `` would work with me '' . why the hell would i come back when you just screwed me out of a hundred buck and a good tire ? not worth chancing . because you could not fit me in within a day i get screwed ? if you need tire go to pep boy on milvalle . if you need an oil change go to midas on penn circle they will be able to get you in and not wait three day .
ah monro , where `` 45 minute '' is actually 2 hour and running at the time of this post . my car is on a lift with no tire and the employee are smoking cigarette laughing . i can not even escape if i wanted to . at least they turned the heat off in the waiting room . not like it is november in pittsburgh or anything ...
i wish we had a way to hold this corporation accountable for it crime against our society .
please go to the other mcdonalds ( not too far from here at 120 penn cir w ) .one time while using their drive-thru service , we realized they forgot to add an item on our receipt . we asked how much the real total is and the employee told me , `` like $ 5.00 . '' what ! ? ! ! ? ! ! can you please use your register to tell me how much the actual total is !
good for altar bar . but they did not have fry ... .
i do not understand the low review . this is a very well run neighborhood mcdonald is where retired folk seem to gather over coffee in the morning . i have been here a few time and service wa always prompt and courteous . the food is consistent with mcdonald is everywhere and the restaurant clean.my only complaint wa free att wifi wa slow on my last visit .
every single time i go through the drive-thru i do not get a straw . i do not know how this keep happening . every time . even when reminded .
prepare to be wowed . high class dining in one of pittsburgh is up and coming hip neighborhood . i thought i would try some of the world famous cuisine so i pulled up on a thursday evening . `` garçon '' i asked , `` may i try some of your french fried potato ? '' i wa greeted with a crackled mutter a i inched my vehicle forward . i wa then treated to a relaxing 15 minute wait a nobody moved in line . perhaps it wa the clientele and their healthy order . perhaps it wa the professional waitstaff , whom i could hear laughing and socializing through my window . whatever it wa , the dining experience wa filled with culinary magic and spa-like service . after some deep meditation , i realized that perhaps tonight wa not the best night to sample such fine delicacy so i pulled away . i can not wait to return to this location and try my luck at trying these elusive fry . i highly recommend this palace of excellence .
i do not expect much from fast food restaurant . but i do expect to be spoken to when i am a paying customer . i just went through the drive-thru at this location and , other than taking my order at the speaker , no one said a word to me . there wa a different person at each window , and neither of them said hello , your total is , fuck you , nothing . i do not think i have ever encountered such a miserable bunch of people . maybe they are upset because their heroin operation wa shut down .
they are literally the slowest fast food restaurant i have ever been to . we have tried going through the drive-thru twice and both time have left because after someone say `` hold on one second '' , you are still waiting to order 10 minute later ! ! do not go here . there there is one right down the street that is faster ! !
going to a new mechanic to get your car repaired should not rank up there with public speaking and first date , but it usually doe . well not if you go visit tim at walter is . they guy at walter is are friendly , trustworthy , and treat you with respect.they are a small shop so call ahead if you need major service , but where else are you going find a mechanic who actually suggests way to save money on the repair
the most important quality a mechanic can have is honesty . meet tim walter . when i take my car to walter is i know the service will be good , fast and will not take a chunk out of my last paycheck . calling ahead is usually a good idea so they can fit you in ...
walter is is just a fantastic establishment . tim is a phenomenal mechanic , who is a honest a they come , charge amazingly low price , and - morten h. is not lying - will actually suggest way to save you money . the shop is small and usually pretty busy , but they will do their best to fit you in and get your car fixed up asap , and tim always take time to explain your car is problem to you . he will even show you what is wrong inside the car , or tell you how to do something yourself if that is what would be more sensible . i recommend walter is to anyone who is in the market for a mechanic .
i can not say enough good thing about walter is . tim , the head mechanic ( tim walter , hence the name of the shop ) , is amazingly helpful and accommodating . he repair my car quickly every time i go in , and i never have to bring it back for further repair . he also fit me in right away ( though it is a good idea to call ahead - they do get super busy because of their sheer awesomeness and small size ) . and when i pick my car up , he will explain what wa wrong and how he fixed it in a completely unpatronizing way , then usually undercharge me . i know , sound too good to be true , but is not . i will be moving for grad school soon , and i can honestly say i will miss walter is . i do not think i will ever find a better shop/mechanic . a quick word of warning : tim is adorable , but completely add . he will fix your car well , and quickly , but he doe get easily distracted sometimes . bear with it , he is totally worth it .
my car would not start so i started yelping the closest option to my apartment . i found walter is and with such great review below i gave him a call . he drove over to my apartment and looked at my car hoping that it will be something simple before we got it towed . after witnessing him take time out of his busy day to do this , i knew he wa a good guy.unfortunately , it did need towed and he wa afraid it will take a week to fix due to his booked schedule . he called the next day to tell me that he looked at it , realized it wa a simpler fix than he originally thought and had it done later that day.i had a great experience and am sure everyone else will . thanks tim
i just want to echo what everyone else ha already said about this mechanic . my brake gave out and i came upon the glowing review for walter is , so i gave them a call . not only did tim fix my car quickly and inexpensively , he actually came to pick it up himself so that i would not have to spend money on a tow truck ! he is also an extremely friendly , funny guy who put you at ease immediately . i will be going back there without hesitation the next time i need anything done on my car .
went to walter after i had a ripoff repair store tell me my volvo needed new roters . thank goodness i know what they are and that they had been replaced just 16 month ago . tim at walter confirmed my belief and passed my inspection . he wa fast , funny , and smart . i then sent my husband in with his ailing bmw and tim did a fantastic service on it a well . this is a real honest and thoghtful mechanic .
a friend recommended them to me . super helpful and high quality work at a fairly cheap price.when my car wa not going to pas inspection , they picked me up at home and did not charge me.when my housemate needed a new starter , they apologized that they could not finish the work the same day we brought it in ( without an appointment ) because they needed to order the part . it wa done by lunch the next day . i recommend walter to anyone with a car in pittsburgh !
i love tim.i bought a shitty used car and it kept dying when i would drive uphill , and i wa new in town so i asked for some shop recommendation from people online and a bunch of people pointed me to walter . he helped me isolate the problem to my egr valve , and while it wa not a cheap fix , i can not imagine i could have gotten the work done any cheaper . i have also had several other problem , and he is always trying to save me money and do thing a inexpensively a possible.i would not say my shitmobile run like a dream or anything , but it is definitely in much better shape than when i started.and i usually do not have to wait too long for repair . typically i can drop it off in the morning ( after making an appointment a few day in advance ) and pick it up later that day . though , they do seem pretty busy so i try not to expect them to get it done too quickly.and i have to say , i really do not care if my mechanic is a friendly , personable guy because i am just paying him to fix my car and a long a he doe that right i am happy . but tim is one of the nicest guy i have ever met , and i really enjoy talking to him .
growing up , my dad always fixed my car . now that he life two state away , i do not have that luxury anymore . luckily , tim at walter is automotive is a great substitute . honest , friendly , and helpful -- i will recommend him to anyone in pittsburgh .
i went to walt is due to the review i saw here on yelp . i like supporting local business and i also wanted to find a garage i could trust . there wa nothing wrong with my car i just needed the oil changed and i asked them to make sure i wa `` good to go '' for the winter season . they changed the oil , check my tire and topped off all my fluid all for $ 36 . tim is a helpful guy and will take his time to explain thing to you . they seem to be quite busy all the time which i see a a good thing . however , it doe mean that you have to call ahead for an appointment and you may not get your car in on the same day . i will be going back for all my car care need !
excellent and trustworthy mechanic .
walter is wa so helpful when our daughter is car wa misdiagnosed by another garage . he talked u through the option over the phone ( we are 300 mile away ) and helped u find a solution . two thumb up !
wonderful experience . i had a flat tire , and he checked it inside and out , tested it overnight , and put it back on my car . when i went to pay , he said it wa nothing . he even gave me helpful advice on some other aspect of my car i wa neglecting . during a bad week , this wa a much-needed act of generosity.highly recommend .
what can i say about tim that ha not already been said ? although i did not end up getting my car serviced at walter is automotive , tim gave me a lot of helpful advice and wa very personable . you can tell he genuinely care about his customer and their concerns.i will definitely be going to him if there is anything that i need to get fixed in the near future .
tim is fantastic with german car , including my 2003 3-series bmw , which wa out the door for 400 - broken axle , oil change , tire rotation and one other thing . labor price are reasonable , it is just hard a hell to get an appointment . if he were not so damn nice ( like doing all sort of free thing for people ) he could probably have himself a bigger , better garage and more people working for him .
great experience . honest and friendly ! !
i normally try to avoid using shop other than manordale tire in delmont , but in this case i really needed it to be within walking/busing distance of my home , so i went out on a limb , checked car talk is mechanic file , and went with walter's.the fellah with whom i met wa really friendly , and even took my car for a drive with me in the passenger is seat to help diagnose the problem , which is not something i will seen anyone do before , and i will say it is definitely great customer service . he did kinda suck at driving stick , though , but my car is a tough one to drive.i wa a little miffed that my repair had to be scheduled for many week in the future , because i needed a bearing and well , riding the parkway daily on a bad bearing just doe not feel safe to me . but when the time came , my car wa done on time , and i did not seem to have any problem afterward . i did feel like there wa something a little wrong with my suspension after getting my car back , but i think it wa unrelated : when i did my driveshaft , one of the ball joint wa on it way out , and i think it just crapped out shortly after i took it to walter's.i am going to keep going to manordale , but this place wa not too bad .
if i could give walter is automotive more than 5 star , i would.i called tim around 8am because my brake were making an awful sound ( i know nothing about car ) . he said it usually take a few week to get an appointment , but if i wanted to drive it over he would take it for a ride with me to diagnose the problem.i drove it over , he took one look at my car and found the problem . he did not have room for me right then , but i dropped it off 2 day later in the morning and i had it back before the end of the day . before i left , he noticed all the expired parking pass covering my back window and offered to take them off for me . great customer service ; i will definitely be back with any future car issue .
i went here a couple week ago to get new tire on my car . i could not agree more with the other reviewer . walter is wa originally supposed to call me with an estimated cost , and when i had not heard , i called and spoke with walter directly . 15 minute later , he had an estimate for me . when i could not decide on the tire i wanted , he had three different type waiting for me when i came in for my appointment & went through the pro and con of each ! just great service ! i also found the price reasonable & the service wa quick .
scenario : get into my car at 3:30 and head to campus for a meeting . all of a sudden , the tire warning signal light up even though i do not remember running over anything . i get out of the car to carefully inspect my tire and they feel/look completely ok . but after owning a bmw for 3 year and having constant wheel alignment/tire issue ( ie . when a tire warning signal light up , it usually mean my tire is about to blow out ! ! ) , i freaked out and frantically drove my infiniti to the first 3 auto shop on baum blvd . i waited at the first stop for 5-10 minute and the guy did not get off the phone . i got back into the car and drove it over to pep boy is where a mechanic wa outside smoking . he say i need to go through their service desk ( inside their huge store ) and deal with them first . i am thinking , `` ugh . no time . i have class in 40 minute and i am already late to my meeting . '' i drive past the 3rd shop and i do not even see anyone sitting at the reception desk and figure it is going to take forever to get what i am asking for.then , i remembered the really positive experience i had with walter is . i decided to drive to the end of baum blvd . to find his place and boy , am i glad i did . a soon a i got there , the service coordinator told me to pull my car around front so that their mechanic could take a look at my tire . he stopped what he wa doing to do this and told me i could just stay in my car . then , he reassured me that my tire were ok and he proceeded to inflate them , explaining to me why the signal might have come on.free of charge , in and out within 5 minute , and helpful/reassuring . i love this about walter is automative . they are not out just to make money . they genuinely just want to help . highly reccommend ! !
a numerous people have pointed out , walter is is indeed a great repair shop . tim ( walter is his last name ) and the rest of his staff are friendly , honest , professional , and reliable . i highly recommend this shop for repair , maintenance , and check ups . however , they are victim of their own awesomeness . the wait here can be long -- 2 week or more -- due to how busy they are and they only have one bay . if you do have a pressing safety concern though , tim is always willing to take your car for a spin or do a quick diagnosis to let you know if something need to be taken care of .
great place . i take my car there for everything . inexpensive , friendly , and knowledgeable . they have fixed my tire , taped a broken hose temporarily , and done other thing for no charge several time . i will definitely recommend them .
best car repair spot in town . tim is honest , hard-working , and know his sh*t. i have been in burgh for 3 year now . i wa driving a 2000 nissan maximum and it had 170k mile on it . now , i loved that car and whenever something went wrong i brought it in to walter is . last time i brought it in i asked him if i should put more money into the car- the alternator wa out and a new battery wa needed . the car would not start . he told me it is a good time to get a new car because he wa not sure how much more this car could take . he even gave me a couple of number of guy who buy car `` a is . '' i called these guy and sold this beater maximum for $ 1000 a is ! now , i drive a 2011 malibu and i am a happy girl . thank you tim- i appreciate you looking out ! other car repair shop would have fixed my car charged me out the azz only for my car to break down again . tim really doe have your best interest .
really nice people . they squeezed me in , in a pinch and gave me a second opinion on a problem with my car . pep boy tried to charge me over twice the amount for the job , so i am glad i went ! super friendly and accommodating service .
i have a general rule of thumb when picking out an auto repair shop : the `` office '' must be very messy and grease and dirt must be everywhere . in my opinion , if an auto shop ha the time and money to keep a squeaky clean appearance , they are wasting some of your money you pay for service . walter is automotive fit the bill with their `` office '' being a small cluttered desk in the service bay . their `` lobby '' is the doorway that you stand in just outside the `` office . '' i could not be happier with my first impression -- to me , minimal overhead mean maximum service and value.sure enough everyone at walter is is very nice and helpful . apparently , everyone else in pittsburgh know this since i have to schedule an appointment 10 day in advance just to get my car inspected . so please , even though walter is is awesome , do not come here -- i want this place to myself .
i thought i need an alignment and turn out all i needed wa a tire balance . i stopped by he had me go with him and we drove around the block . i did not cost me a thing because the tire balance wa under warranty . really nice guy .
mr. walter is an honest , friendly guy . he helped me out a lot with my very old car . always took the time to explain what wa going on . the service he did to the car were not always a quick a some would hope , but i never felt cheated or ignored or talked down to , he always did a great job.when that old ( very old ) car finally , truly died ( became unfixable ) and needed to be scrapped , he even volunteered a partial refund to me because he said he wished that his most recent work on it could have been enjoyed by me for longer , so that i could have gotten my money is worth . he truly is a super guy to work on your car .
excellent service . very honest . highly recommended . my girlfriend had an issue with her car and took it to walter is automotive . tim walter and his crew worked late into the evening to diagnose the problem . turn out the car wa unsafe to drive ( thankfully we bypassed pepboys and went to walter . ) respectful towards my girlfriend , fixed the car quickly , and price wa very reasonable .
i had to get a new mechanic since i recently moved here . that worried me , a lot , a i own a vw . thankfully i found all these review on yelp about walter and decided to give it a shot . rule about walter : plan at least two week ahead for an appointment . it is worth it . from there you do not have to worry about anything . on my particular car i always have to fix the suspension , and i ended up needing the same repair from last year . last year i spent $ 1,300 from my very reasonable and trustworthy mechanic i had been using for year at home . this year walter quoted me just under $ 700 . i wa pretty blown away by that considering the other place i go to is just a down to earth a walter's.walters took the time to put my tennis racquet in my trunk and remove my aftermarket stereo so they would not be seen . he explained everything to me thoroughly and wa really friendly when i came to pick up my car . i know a lot about car and mechanic since i have worked at a dealership and the honesty of walter still amazes me . i will take my car here every time i need to get something done , even if i get a newer car with a warranty from a dealership .
i just called walter is automotive to make an appointment for a state inspection . after being yelled at by to lady at the front desk in a very inappropriate way i prefer to look for another place . too bad after all these prior good review .
there are at least 2 auto repair shop where i could drop my car and walk home or to school in le than 10 minute . i have to drive to walter is , take the bus back home and catch it back to get my car . it is about a 15 minute ride each way.i would walk there on my hand . they are that awesome.tim is not only great at what he doe , he is cool a hell ! he wa patient with me and my ( over 230,000 mile ) car that took a freaking month to pas the emission inspection . turn out the mass flow sensor wire were dirty- anywhere else and i would have already replaced 2 o2 sensor and i would still be going through emission crap.i am really happy to have found someone to take care of my car : -d thanks tim ! ! !
i like tim walter so much , i almost wish my car would break down so i would have an excuse to see him . he is super honest , explains everything , get the cheapest appropriate part he can , and is not the least bit condescending . picture the kindest surgeon you can ; tim walter is the same , just for car instead . also , the man ha a great memory . he *still* make fun of me for that coke can i had strapped to my muffler 7 year ago .
for the last 5 year that i have been living in pittsburgh i have been coming to walter is ... it always been a bit of trick planning to take my car in for maintenance a they are very busy because they are indeed great mechanic and generally awesome and friendly people . you absolutely do need to call a few week ahead and be patient . quality service take some time . now that i am moving to the opposite side of the country , i took my car in one last time to get everything checked out , fixed , swapped out etc . my car wa in the shop for 3 day and i waited patiently knowing that i can trust tim and arlene in the same way i can trust my parent to get something important done . they are not there to screw you over . i know this because i had , on my first occasion taking my car there , gotten a second opinion on somethings and everything aligned between the two source so they earned my trust ! they took care of me and my car really well . arlene kept me up to date on what wa going on and tim took the time to explain what the part were , what they did and how much thing were going to cost . he even sat with me after closing hour researching the oxygen sensor and tire i needed online and quoting me the best price . he listed out everything i needed to have done and told me which wa most important for a cross country drive and what could wait . that is service and care ! ! if you need a great mechanic , like you need a good doctor , be patient , be inquisitive and do a little bit of planning . your car will get serviced , your wallet will be in good shape and you might learn a bit about the car you drive . i only hope to find a good of a business in seattle a i did here in pittsburgh . thanks for everything !
hand down a great experience ! i called yesterday a the driver headlight on my car wa out and asked if i needed to make an appointment . the woman on the phone said to just stop right by during their hour . i went by this morning and their ( small ) lot wa full so i just sat in my car while i believe who wa tim wa finished chatting with another guy . i continued to sat in my car for a couple of minute while tim quickly inspected my headlight . unfortunately he did not have any replacement bulb but ordered them right on the spot while i wa there and told me to come back any time in the afternoon . fast forward a few hour later . i just popped by and after popping my hood and going into their office to pay , my headlight wa replaced ! friendly , honest , fair and quick service . no b . highly recommend walter is automotive .
i found this mechanic based on the excellent yelp review and i wa not disappointed . i came to walter is because my radiator wa leaking coolant and walter tried to save me money by doing a patch job on the leak which he wa only going to charge me $ 20 . unfortunately it did not work and i still had to go through with the replacement , but i appreciated the time he took to give a cheaper alternative a try . and tim walter is a friendly guy who will take the time to discus the problem with you and give you a fair deal . this place get busy so you will likely have to call a week in advance and leave your car at least overnight , but it is close to bus stop . there is no waiting area and i do not think they do any quick job that you can stay and wait for .
i wa having an issue with the emission light in my car . i spoke with arlene , who gave me a rundown of what i could expect while my car wa in the shop . she then told me that even though they were very busy , i could stop by before my appointment so that tim could check thing out and make sure my car wa safe to drive . tim poked around , figured out it wa the gas cap , and sent me on my way without charging . a good mechanic is worth their weight in gold and i will not only return to this garage but refer others a well .
a trust worthy mechanic is very rare these day ... i split time between seattle ( work ) and the burgh ( family ) so when my car began to lose power on acceleration i searched for a local repair shop on yelp ... based on the numerous positive review i made an appointment at walter on baum blvd.my appointment wa made for two week in advance but tim had me bring my car in and we took it for a test drive . tim determined that it wa the cat converter and recommended that i not drive the vehicle very much a to not cause further damage . tim said that he and one of his mechanic were going to work extra hour that weekend to get caught up and that he would try to get to my vehicle . so i dropped my car off on wed night , on thursday tim called with an estimate that wa 150.00 to 200.00 le than what others had quoted . i expected my car to be worked on over the weekend however at the end of thursday tim called and told me that my car wa ready and running great ! wow ! i wa surprised and grateful . when i picked up my car on friday the cost for repair wa 15.00 le than my original quote due to a gasket that wa included with the part and not ordered separate . i figure that many shop would have just kept the refund from the extra part and would have charged me for the quoted price but not tim at walter's.i can not say enough about the excellent service i received from walter is ...
i can not sing tim walter is praise loud enough.i have taken my car to him for about 5 year , and i always leave with a new experience attesting to his awesomeness . if you think you might have something wrong with your car that you are not sure what it is , you can just stop by , and he will usually take a break from what he is working on to get in your car with you and drive for a little bit and then give you his opinion . then , when he diagnosis your car , he will explain it to you like you are not an idiot , and he will make sure you understand what is going on . he is incredibly honest and care about his customer . for instance , once i had a tire that needed to be replaced but he did not have it in stock . he told me how much it would cost to have the tire ordered and how long it would take to come in , then he called another shop to see if they had it and asked how much they were charging for it , and he sent me there because it would be cheaper and faster for me than having him order it . the price difference wa like ten buck , so i had him do it because it wa not an emergency and i will rather give him my business . he is awesome .
i heard about walter is by the great review here on yelp . they did not steer me wrong . i went to the shop and asked for an appointment for leaking oil , but the secretary said they did not have one for a couple week . walter wa doing work and asked me a couple question , then asked if i could bring it in the next morning . the next morning ! i did , and walter and his employee lifted and took a look under my truck . literally in second they found that it wa simply a botched oil change , tightened the cap , and brought my truck down . he even topped off my oil , i believe . all this , and he said `` no charge on that '' a i went to pull out my wallet . i wa in shock . a a side note , walter and his staff are also very approachable . while his employee worked on my truck walter , a fellow mechanic ( ? ) , and i talked about various things.i will recommend walter is to my brother who life here in pittsburgh , and will go to walter is with any car trouble i have while i am here for school . i recommend walter is in the highest degree .
i had to give walter is 5 star , if there wa a way to say it wa exceptional , i would do that.i found walter is through yelp and wa not sure how a auto repair shop had all 5-star review . this is totally unheard of . and now having gone there for a repair and inspection , i can just say , best mechanic in town . other people have sung praise for walter is already , so i will not get into that . my recommendation : if you are looking for an amazing , trustworthy , competent and humble mechanic , dial walter is number . you will not be disappointed .
this place ha not only done my regular maintenance perfectly , but tim ha also dropped everything to help me in a pinch . little thing like changing my headlight for free when pep boy and monro wanted me to wait 2 hour and charge me $ 20+ and helping me fill my coolant when i wa in a panic . this place is just absolutely outstanding , i can not sing it enough praise .
i definitely had my doubt with what seemed like overall disorganization of this place . they are the definition of having a `` method to the madness '' . really , they just do not follow the corporate america scheduling system that generally fails anyway . i wa referred to them by a classmate of mine that ha lived here 4 year . with the sound my car wa making , i anticipated $ 1000 is of damage . they could not figure it out the first time i wa there but looked it over and made sure that the noise wa not posing any danger given a lengthy trip up to wisconsin being made . he did not charge me a thing after checking it out top to bottom . after that trip ( and having it checked out in wisconsin also to no avail ) , the sound got worse . i took it back in , they made a quick fix solving one issue . i asked how much the damage wa for today and he replied that it 'took him two minute ' to fix one noise but had to order another part for it to fix everything else . did not charge me a thing.so now , after now three visit to them , i am completely sold . tim is great . arlene is great . the mechanic know what they are doing . tim ha each time , driven around in my car with me to make sure that i am satisfied with what is done . never once ha this been done at any other mechanic i have been to - i have just assumed that it is all better . my final bill wa considerably le than others when compared online and in phone call inquiry . i will always go back to them a long a i live in pittsburgh . and i recommend you do the same . i mean really , how many business have a straight , 5-star rating across the board ?
great guy , incredibly quick service with care and attention . reasonable price . will absolutely use him for all auto need
i have an older car and so sometimes thing go wonky . one night i had to drop it off because it wa barely running and i had no idea why . this wa the first time i went to walter is , turn out that it wa only an oil changing problem . car place usually screw me over because i know nothing about car , but walter did not . they are really great and fix the car for your need . yesterday i returned for inspection and once again he treated me fairly and only mentioned thing that i already knew needed work . i would recommend this place to anyone with an older car and want an honest car repair man . walter is will definitely be getting my business in the future !
went to walt is auto for an inspection after seeing all of these great review on yelp , and wa so happy i did . i will be taking my car and my husband is truck here from now on . the service here can not be beat !
recently had some problem with my battery and took to yelp to find a nearby/reputable mechanic . after reading all the great review on walter is automative , i made an appointment a recommended and brought my car in.long story short , minus all the technical detail , walter wa very helpful and informative in helping me resolve the problem . he wa very open to listening to me describe the problem and wa patient and quick to look into the issue and provide his expert advice . customer service wa great a well ! it wa really easy to call and schedule an appointment , and when i arrived the minimal office space looked pretty organized , given that it is inside an auto shop . all the key looked organized and labeled . the appointment book looked clear and kept up . i can really appreciate when a business is well run.i would definitely recommend giving this business a try !
honest . reliable . trust worthy.tim go above and beyond with his service . he came to my house 3x one day to check everything he could before i ended up towing it to the garage . i will definitely go back !
extremely honest , great work and amazing price . i had them repair a wheel issue on my car . for no charge the mechanic also hid some wire i never got around to moving for the dyi back-up camera i installed .
very nice people who were accommodating and appear to look for way to do the job right at the lowest cost possible . a breath of fresh air for an out-of-towner with a problem . thanks
i wa cautiously optimistic about walter is after seeing the great review . i wa not disappointed at all ! the staff at walter is wa very friendly and helpful in scheduling me an appointment and worked with me throughout the entire car repair process.the best thing about the entire experience wa the price and the flexibility at walter is . the staff allowed me to pick my car up after hour ( i have a work schedule that did not allow for me to get my car during business hour ) . they also gave a very reasonable price for the work that wa done . the building may look small , but this is the best car repair place i have been to . very impressed with the service and the staff .
after reading all of the great review i thought i would try them for my car is annual inspection . all i can say is i wish i had found out about them decade ago.i arrived on time , and he wa ready for me -- no waiting . i told him i only have one car , and would have to wait in the area , so he said he would get to work on it asap . sure enough , about 1.5 hour later it wa done.even better , he told me nothing wa wrong with it , so it would only cost me the price of the inspection . my car is only 6 year old , yet every other year wherever i took it there wa a whole list of thing which needed to be done , which ended up costing anywhere from $ 400- $ 600 . now i see how ripped off i wa . it is a priceless experience to leave an automotive shop and feel like you were not cheated.in the future , whenever anything need to be done to my car , the one and only call i will make will be to walter is automotive .
i can only agree with previous review in that the service is1 ) good2 ) affordable ( the do not overcharge you ) 3 ) flexible , e.g. , you can pick up the car late.the personnel is polite and knowledgeable .
good honest business . they did not nickel and dime me and have quickly gained my loyalty and respect . they had the decency to recommend that i not get my inefficient catalytic converter replaced . bit of a wait to get the car in , but it wa well worth it .
i just went to tim a my check engine light came on on my recently purchased 2005 toyota corolla . tim took a look at the code and told me what the problem wa . reset it for me and told me to call him if it come on again , all free of charge in just 5 minute . that is why i like tim and will recommend him over anyone else , especially for old car , the guy is very honest and will only recommend what is best for your car and your situation . not making you spend money when you do not need to .
even though i work nearby , there are several auto repair shop in the area so what drew me to walter is wa the fantastic review on yelp , and i agree , and am a very satisfied customer . they were able to squeeze me in for my past-due yearly inspection after my dealership wa unable to keep my scheduled appointment last saturday due to a power outage . i dropped the car off before work and wa able to pick it up easily . they were attentive , friendly , and fair-priced - i plan on using them again not only for my yearly inspection but for my regular car maintenance .
my car had the sr ( supplemental restraint system , i think ) light go on , which mean either airbag or seatbelt issue . brought it into walter , who mentioned that for my year car , there is usually a warranty covering this part , and i will be better off at the dealer . but i had been told by a dealer in the north hill ( in retrospect , incorrectly ) that it would not be covered , so i left it with walter.he diagnosed the problem a the seat belt buckle , called shadyside honda with my car is vin , and shadyside confirmed that the part *was* under warranty . walter then called me and suggested i take it there . and he refused to charge me anything , even after two offer to pay.so , in term of honesty and willingness to really go beyond what a customer would expect , walter is automotive get top rating !
i used this shop in order to perform my annual inspection . they were extremely flexible with me being from out of state and my busy schedule . i wa a bit apprehensive having an older car , but it passed without any issue . they are professional yet very approachable and reasonable price . fully recommend !
leaving another review because walter is ha basically become the only car place i will go to . recently had my car in for an inspection . a always , the mechanic did great work and offered a very reasonable price for the service provided . that is not why i am leaving another review . while i wa there , a ring that ha sentimental value to me fell out of my pocket . i did not notice until later , and i had been to several place . i called each place and gave a description of the ring . but i figured that it wa probably lost forever or had been stolen.today ( a day after i called ) the mechanic at walter is called me back and told me that he will found the ring . not only did the staff there humor me and look for something that i figured lost forever , but they found it and returned it ! thanks so much for being not just great mechanic , but great human being too , walter is staff !
shhhhh do not tell anybody !
anything my car need i go here . no matter what , tim ha a fair price and get the job done . i never feel like he is trying to sell me anything extra . he just get the job done and sends me on my way normally with in the day . this is a place you can trust and if he ha an opening he will take you .
great service , friendly people . i have been taking my car to walter is for over two year now . four month back , i got my wheel bearing and hub changed in my 97 accord . but when the noise came back recently , tim replaced the hub without costing much.honest would be the right word to describe the people at walter is automotive .
price are reasonable and they have not given me the `` i am here to screw you out of a bunch of money '' feeling you get from dealership and other automobile garage . i will continue to use this place . they are very knowlegable when it come to fixing vehicle .
this man is the real deal , a great mechanic , funny guy , and honest businessman . i wa fearing the worst for my car after pep boy gave me a very high price to fix my cooling fan and miscommunicated vital info about the repair , prompting my earlier negative review . it took awhile to complete the repair a tim told me two other cooling fan they tried to put in were also faulty . they finally got a third one in that worked , and charged me only for the part and labor to put that fan in , which ended up being hundred le than pep boy . plenty of place could have tacked on a lot of extra labor cost for changing out those failed fan . i wa blown away by the good experience i had , even if it took awhile and a couple fan to get right . tim ha won a loyal customer with that kind of service .
the staff at walter is treated me like an old friend even though this wa my first time there . everyone wa so nice , the price are unbelievable & i will definitely bring my car here for any service it need !
consistently awesome . highly recommended . they always get my car in quickly . their estimate are spot on . very friendly .
probably unnecessary for me to add another 5 star review to this page ... but i just can not help it.called in because i noticed a strange problem with my car that wa only perceptible after driving it around for a while . they told me to bring the car in for a road test the next day . when i went in , i mentioned that the car wa still under warranty but the dealership wanted to charge me $ 150 for a `` diagnostic '' before they could determine whether or not ( a ) there wa actually a problem and ( b ) it wa covered by my warranty . after driving around with me for about 20 minute , tim determined that there wa definitely something strange going on ... and then told me to take it back to the dealership and tell them that i had driven the car with a local mechanic and that there wa clearly something wrong that should be covered by my warranty . how much wa i charged for this ? not . one . dime . such a pleasure to receive great service while also being treated with kindness and respect . would recommend this place to anybody in a heartbeat .
something i look for in car repair shop is accurate diagnosis , and i wa not disappointed when i went to walter is . my car wa screeching incessantly when i drove and turned . it wa so loud that i wa worried that something wa very wrong so i decided to get it checked out . walter took a look at my car and found that the problem wa not serious , and he fixed the source of the noise with a screwdriver . i drove away in minute . it wa a good experience , and i would go back for other service .
walter automotive ha never disappointed me . i wa quoted almost double what walter charged me for replacement brake and rotor . i am so thankful that i held out to go to walter and get the fair price .
had my emission inspection done here today . tim is awesome . he ha a sense of humor , is personable , and professional . i do not know much about mechanic , and when i asked him some question , he explained it to me in layman is term without patronizing . he gave me advice on how i could make thing go faster next year on their part . it wa great . i wa a little nervous about seeing a new mechanic for my car because i am a young woman and we can be discriminated against in the mechanical world . but my friend recommended walter is and i am so glad . fast , efficient service .
had my front brake replaced on my 2000 4runner ( rotor had gotten warped ) . also got an oil change . tim wa awesome , had great story and a funny guy . really great service here - definitely the place to go to .
seems like a decent garage . i wa really in a jam and needed a repair done and had already bought the needed part . however they would not install it . i am not sure why their policy is this way perhaps there is good reasoning behind it but it left me in a jam . most garage mark up part 40 % maybe that is why ? or maybe they do not want everyone walking in the door with their own part ? i wa not expecting a warranty i just wanted to part put on the car
i had my car inspected 2 week ago and it wa a pleasure to deal with walter is . they called me when they told me they would , and there were no surprise . it is so rare these day that you discover a business so honest and so diligent . i would recommend walter is to everybody ; however , i am worried i will not get an appt next year !
it is hard enough finding a good mechanic period . but to find one that is friendly and reasonably priced is unheard of . i have been loyal to tim for the last 4 year and he is never let me down . if there is one complaint it is that thing can sometimes take a little longer than expected , but this is a minuscule `` con '' in an ocean of `` pro . '' at one time , i needed a new flex pipe put on my exhaust , tim recommended that i go to a neighboring shop to get the exhaust work done because `` it would be too expensive if i did it . '' this wa something i have never encountered . a mechanic recommending another place to do business ? ? ? do yourself a favor and give this place your business . your car might be out of commission for a few day , but the comfort of knowing you are not being swindled is absolutely worth it .
not that these guy need another 5 star review , but here i am . super nice folk . they are accommodating , knowledgeable , affordable , and fast . i am new to the area and went here based solely on yelp review . i hate dealing with mechanic but walter wa refreshingly painless .
recently took our car to walter is for a state inspection . could not be more pleased with the service provided by tim and his staff . time went above and beyond to make sure that we were taken care of . i will be going back to walter is for all of my auto mechanic need .
not cheap by any mean . rather expensive for the most part . others rave about this guy , but honestly , i do not really see what make him that great ! he charge just like any other mechanic ... part are marked up just like everyone else . it is not like one can barter with what the price a mechanic charge ; otherwise you can not get the car back .
awesome place . i have been here two time . both for issue with my car battery . this last time i wa supposed to leave for philly when my car died on me the morning of . i temporarily fixed it , but called walter is and explained the situation . they were willing to check it out despite the short notice . i pulled up an hour later and walter himself walked out to look at it and quickly had the car up and running . he explained how he fixed it and how i could prevent this from happening in the future . all of this wa done under 10 minute . and because it wa a minor problem , he charged nothing . go to walter if you want a quality , honest fix . this is the only car mechanic shop i completely trust .
i have never felt this passionately positive about an auto mechanic . the first time i ever visited wa when i first moved to pittsburgh and away from a ( terrible ) mechanic elsewhere . my 2005 prius wa making odd noise when going up some of pittsburgh is impressive hill , so i wa naturally somewhat concerned . i brought my car in to walter , and he sat in the passenger seat while i drove around to have him take a listen to the strange noise . upon exiting the car , he said that this wa nothing to worry about , that this sounded minor and if it got worse to bring it back . cost for 20 minute of his time , his expertise , and his alleviation of my fear ? nothing . two year later there ha been no problem , and he is fixed many other minor issue , done inspection , and made tweak whenever they have come up , all for a reasonable price . i trust walter and his team 100 % , and feel so grateful that he is so close to my home . a+++ . could not recommend him more highly .
if you are looking for a good , honest mechanic in the east end i highly recommend walter is ! went in just for an inspection and walked out of there paying for the inspection only . they did not `` find '' anything like most place do just to make a buck off of you . they were friendly and honest about minor thing that they said could wait . being a female especially , i am super glad to have found a legit place that doe not rip people off . i guess they have close to 100 five star yelp review for a reason !
it is the go to place if you are looking for an honest mechanic who know what he is doing . but please plan your trip a month in advance , cause that is the only way you can get a slot on their ever busy calendar .
i have taken my car to walter twice and he ha not charged me anything for both time . first time i brought my car in it wa making noise near the wheel . i figure it had something to do with the brake . it wa an older car and thing were rusted and old so i figure it wa time to replace it . they looked over the car , test drove it , saw something wa unaligned and fixed it easily . did not charge me anything because it wa an easy and quick fix.the second time , i dropped my car off because it wa making a clunking sound whenever i would accelerate/brake . it is a newer car and i just bought it two month ago . so i wa very annoyed that i had to bring it in already . i dropped it off at 10am and got a call at 2pm saying they test drove it , looked it over , saw suspension wa fine , nothing wrong except for some loose stuff around the axle . they tightened everything back up and the problem wa gone . when i asked how much do i owe them , he said nothing since they did not fix anything just tightened it all up.this is why the review keep saying they are honest . they could easily charge me for the easy fix and labor . they could say i had more serious problem and i would not know any better . but luckily they did not . i wa tight on money this month and wa dreading to hear the bill.i am happy driving my car again knowing the problem wa small and there is no real issue with the car.receptionist wa friendly , tim wa friendly , i found everyone there very easy to talk to and approachable . i called them on a thursday and had an appointment the following week on a friday . so it doe take some time to get in with them but if your car can handle it , the wait is worth it .
these guy are great ! i have been here once and i loved them . unlike other place , they do not force service and part replacement on you . they will tell you that you need to change an item , but you could easily go on for another x miles/months . i really liked them and will keep going back .
nothing new to say that everyone ha not said before . tim is great , you will get honest repair done for your car .
can not say enough about how nice everyone at this shop is , and how reasonable their price are . a a college student with zero knowledge about car , i wa worried about finding somewhere in pittsburgh to get inspection and repair done . they have been great and i have been taking my car to them for 2 year now . do your best to schedule in advance because they are very busy but they will try to help you out if you are on a time crunch !
extremely rude and condescending over the phone . i have not felt more unintelligent or belittled speaking with a businessperson . personally , i believe that if you are working in customer service you should at least attempt to be amicable with your potential customer . unfortunately , i hung up feeling like a major inconvenience . i will not work with this company and thankfully found a friendly and very willing to help alternative repair shop on liberty .
lord love an honest about mechanic ! ! i have been traveling for 3 month and knew that i needed to get my front & back brake done & i knew there wa at least 1 motor mount that wa bad when i bought the car 10 month ago . stopped at one of those chain place 3 month back when i started my trip to get my oil changed and 1 new tire . they were the king of : `` hey could you come over for a second ? i wan na show you something . '' they said all this other stuff wa wrong with my car and quoted me an estimate of $ 1705 for the repair . i got up this morning and googled `` honest auto mechanic pittsburgh '' walter is place wa the first place that came up . ton of 5 star review . gave them a call . they had me come on over and got my front and back brake done for me . ( the other place said the brake and the rotor were bad 3 month ago . ) he mentioned the motor mount . the other place told me all 4 were bad . 2 were bad . so i ended up having walter take care of that too because if i find someone who is honest , fast & efficient then i am sticking with them . what wa a $ 1705 bill turned into a $ 726 bill . i will take it ! ! nice honest people & fast service .
i am always hesitant when i go to car shop by myself because i am oftentimes met with a salesman or mechanic who try to `` pull one over '' on me because i am pretty ignorant when it come to anything automotive . for this reason , i usually come back a second time with someone who `` know car '' so that i do not get swindled . a friend , however , recommended this place a i wa searching for a local auto repair shop for some terribly squealing brake on my suv . i called and they were booked solid for two week . even so , he still told me to swing by so he could give it a test drive and ensure that i wa not risking any dangerous driving condition . he wa respectful , honest , and told me what he would be able to do for me . he fit me in the very next morning and fixed my brake within a matter of hour and for an incredibly cheap price . great service and fantastic price . keeping this one on my short list . absolutely five star .
had a great experience with the staff - quick service , fair price . come here if you need anything or check ups on your car ! try to make your appointment 2wks in advance .
they are great at taking time to explain thing to you . very honest and caring folk , it is obvious why it take time to schedule a repair or service -- they are so popular !
these guy are really honest and really good . their worth go higher even , if you consider the fact that a lot of other auto repair shop will loot you . i wa new to america and to owning a vehicle and tim would be helpful and resolved all problem to my satisfaction . they are charge are also reasonable and at one instance they even did not charge me for tire rotation because 'they had the car on the lift anyway ' . the _only_ downside though is that since theyre so popular , at time you have to wait like a month to get an appointment . and i have had occasion where they have forgotten about my car . so a little bit of professionalism is lacking.but on the whole , i will trust these guy over anything else !
the kelly strayhorn is a good idea which is poorly executed . the facility ha problem : the stair on the house are too narrow causing trip , the bathroom do not really have the capacity for over 300 patron , etc.beyond the facility you get to the actual 'poorly executed ' idea . the staff is extremely un-knowledgeable about the subject they are producing . for instance none of the programmer on staff have any training in performing art , they are all visual art people playing at another field . a a result they do not even know what they are really producing and any experienced person in the field can tell . the sad part about this is they really try . they throw staff and new idea at every opportunity . do not expect great performance here , expect a talked up mediocre performance . audience follows content and they do not have content or the staff that is knowledgeable enough to know better . check back in in a couple of year . this apple is too green to eat much le pay for .
i know i say this a lot , but we really are so lucky to have such beautiful old theater here in the burgh . some may not be used a much a others , but i sure appreciate them . i attended an event here for the first time and wa amazed by what good shape the theater wa in . i loved the bright red chair and classic feel . mind you , i really know nothing of what this theater used to be used for ... although i can imagine very glamorous old movie like singin ' in the rain ( maybe this movie wa not so much glamorous , but the namesake say a much ) . i wa surprised by how comfortable it wa . the seat are comfy and the leg room is decent . i can imagine by looking around that most seat are decent for viewing a show . they do offer many different event here throughout the year , which is great because it would be a sad fact if this theater wa not used.i honestly want to look for thing put on here now because i like the theater so much . support your local theater , it really make the city vibrant , i promise !
named for pittsburgh great , gene kelly and billy strayhorn , this historic theater is a real gem . originally the regent , built in 1914 , the building wa renovated in 2000 a a performing art center for theater , dance , music and film . i have been to several fundraiser hosted by the kelly strayhorn , and they have always been first rate . also , i recently attended the kelly strayhorn is own fundraiser , full bloom , which wa lot of fun . a a venue , this place is definitely worth your attention , and the staff seems to bend over backward to make sure event go off without a hitch .
interesting theater . upon entering , the lobby is decorative and enticing . it make you want to see the inside of the theater for more ornamentation . ala , the actual theater section doe not look anything like the entrance or lobby . it wall are dark , a if darkened on purpose with no detail , no feature . just confused by this stark contrast , that is all.history per it website and wikipedia indicate it originally wa a silent movie theater called the regent theatre in 1914 . it went through some period of being open and closed and renovated . it most recently re-opened a the kelly strayhorn theater in 2002 , named after pittsburgh is own dancer gene kelly and composer billy strayhorn . it is a nice quaint size seating 350 and the seat are comfortable enough with enough space for the knees.on this particular night , we had ticket to see the chamber music pittsburgh is pablo villegas with free ticket won from wyep radio station . mr. villegas is a spanish classical guitarist and this venue wa just the right size in which to enjoy his performance . the sound system wa superb .
whether it is an emergency or not , these guy make your problem a priority . i called city locksmith first , who said they would call me back in 5 minute when they sent a technician . i waited 30 ; called ace lock and someone wa here in 10 minute , just a city locksmith wa calling me to tell me they were finally going to send someone . call ace first ! ! ! ! : -d
these guy are great . fast , accurate , and very fair . i would not go anywhere else .
i already had a transponder key for my truck but needed the key cut so i could use it . they did it right then and did not charge me anything .
extremely satisfied with the service that wa provided by ace lock . their technician showed up on time , and got to work right away . it is refreshing to see a craftsman who is proud of his work , and want to get the job done quickly .
exceeded expectation . i needed some help with four lock set , at 10 am i called ace ( based on yelp ! review ) and a very pleasant woman told they will be there the same afternoon . sounded good.what wa even better ? they showed up le than an hour later ! since when do service technician show up several hour early ? mike took care of the job quickly , efficiently and at a very reasonable price .
great guy there . brought in a broken lock that it turned out they could not do much with but they spent well over an hour helping me and providing guidance on a replacement which they did not even have to sell me ( not lack of inventory , just different category - wa more of a home depot product ) extremely professional , personable , and helpful staff . will always come back with any locksmithing need !
locked out of my house at 830pm , called , they arrived at 930pm took 1 minute to open , cost 120dollars . i used a different company to open my car door at 10 pm before and only cost 50 ... so ... .
one of the key component ( lol ) of the success of this business ha got to be tony . he is absolutely professional , positively punctual and just an all-around courteous and friendly employee of the company
great place . easily the best in the city . open on saturday from 10am till sold out and there will usually be a line out the door . they will also take order for thing during the week but in whole size only ( not slice , etc ) . they sell fresh egg from their farm and supply for making fresh mozzarella , etc.cooking class are available and i have taken a couple , one with my daughter at the farm and it wa worth every penny.highly rated .
we watched the line start forming for food glorious food around 9:30am while eating brunch next door . they open their door at 10am , so this wa a good indication of what great thing were inside.apparently they stay open until they are sold out . by 11:30 when we finally got inside , there wa still plenty of delicious thing left ! my husband and i split a slice of key lime pie ( one of his all time favorite . ) and he said he had not one so good since miami . our friend , who had been many time before , bought a ricotta pie and a multi-layered nut/chocolate cake - also both divine.i can not wait to go back !
marvelous ! saturday morning secret bakery ? what ? sure it is like waiting in line for pink floyd concert ticket , but then you get to eat the ticket . and they are delicious.ca not stop thinking about that jewish pizza ...
play well with a tazza latte around the corner ! the quiche wa divine and the the biscuit were what i imagine my mom would have made had she actually made biscuit . two word : yum-oh ! can not wait to return to the steel city so i can partake in some of the dessert .
i have not had a bad thing from this place , ever . i am hesitant to tell more people about this place , because i will stand in line longer on saturday . one weekend , i advance-ordered a chocolate/vanilla butter cream cake . the ordering process wa a bit drawin-out , but i wa rewarded for my patience with the most amazing cake i have ever tasted . i took the cake to a party , and the cake wa the hit the talk of the party . i will have to take 2 cake to the next party . everyone stated that it wa the best cake they had ever had . my daughter craves that cake on tuesday , and ala , i can not scratch that itch till saturday , when those magic door open for a few hour to allow u into enjoy the sweet and savory heaven that food glorous food offer .
this place ha probably some of the best pastry i have ever encountered . the treat are consistently great to amazing to even mouth watering . the bakery is this quaint little place that is really cute with nice baking decoration and everything . the staff is really friendly and always helpful with making the hard selection . the cupcake are these cream-stuffed piece of heaven , and their signature sandwich are out of this world . everything else leaf nothing to be desired , and keep me coming back a frequently a i can find someone to accompany me .
i am at food glorious food every weekend . i always try to sample something new every time i go , and everything i have had ha been wonderful.the cupcake are so buttery and the filling and frosting so creamy ( and sweet , but not over the top sweet ) . the fruit tart are also excellent -- my favorite is just topped with a very generous amount of cream and and assorted fruit ( berry , kiwi , mandarin orange , etc ) . ahh , soooo good.i have not tried the focaccia ( yet ) but they look incredible . and i always get a biscuit . every time.they recently expanded their hour , and are now open thursday , friday , and saturday . and they will take order by phone . so if there is something you want that is a popular item , you can call and they will hold it for you until you get there ! the line can be long but the staff is very efficient -- i have never had to wait longer than 15 minute . i can not say enough wonderful thing about this place !
went for the first time yesterday and will definitely go again and again ! bought a huge assortment to share for dessert last night with some friend , amazing bread pudding- dreamt about it all night last night then woke up and ate the rest of it ! the jewish pizza wa amazing , beat choc chip cooky ever , great madeline is , great white lily cake , fantastic plum tart , to-die-for german choc cake and a really good sugar free cake with berry ( you will never guess it wa sugar free ) the only thing that i thought wa `` meh '' wa the macaroons- tried blood orange and pistachio- have had much better right here in pittsburgh from the french bakery in millvale . i consider myself and expert in macaroon , and these were a little over cooked . anyway , i declare this the best bakery i have ever gone to in pittsburgh . not cheap , but you really get what you pay for in this case .
some of the best dessert you will ever taste can be found here , and you can feel like you have discovered a city secret in the process . this is because the shop open only saturday at 10 am , and you will usually spot a line forming at 9:30 . they stay open until they sell out , which is usually around noon . it is like a magical place that open for a brief period of time , then disappears a fast a it appeared . anyways , a for the dessert , they feature at wide selection of tart , cake , and other type of pastry . all of them look mouth-watering delicious . one of the cake won some sort of award ... i had this and a few other kind a well , and they were all phenomenal . they used an addictive whipped cream type of `` frosting '' for their cake , and all of this deliciousness can be had at completely reasonable prices.i have always wondered why they only open saturday morning though , and what they do during the week . even if you are not in the area , it is worth arriving at 9:30 to experience the novelty and cool experience of this strange , tiny , and wonderful dessert shoppe !
very good dessert - had the lemon tarte . even better ham & cheese sandwich . did not try their biscuit , but will definitely be back next weekend : dbring cash ! $ 10 minimum for credit/debit card .
in sum interesting , unpretentious and a cozy bakery.i have noticed this bakery a been closed when i make it to bryant street ... which is usually in the late evening when i am chowing down on delicious food from the smiling banana leaf . i finally committed to drive there just for this bakery.i skimmed the yelp review and wa a little concerned that going there at 330 in the afternoon would deprive me of the decadent and most delicious of the tasty treat . i called the location and the said they were open to five . i will admit i almost did not go . if they have line early in the morning all the goody would have likely been gone a few hour from closing but i decided to give it a whirl nevertheless.a quaint location , a few two top here and there , a small area to shop there . beautiful basket and other nicknack . in the back is there bakery shelf which are strangely set up in the back right . the location is not the best to peruse offering . i am fortunate i did not arrive when it wa busy i would have been unable to see much before i wa next in line ! i ordered the chocolate tulip . it wa a hand-made shell filled with mousse & cake , with ganache drizzle , cream and berry . rich and moist . smooth and fluffy mousse . not overly sweet . a nice marriage of creamy , rich , and sweet . loved this delight . i also had a tasty cupcake . the cake wa not a rich a that in the tulip . yet , the frosting wa a divine passion fruit . yum.i will be back . if they can serve such yummy treat moment before they close i can only imagine how amazing they must be first thing in the morning .
the first time i came here , i waited in line for 20 minute . when it wa my turn , i realized i left my wallet in the car . it hurt so bad , i did not come back for a year.i can walk to this place from my house- which is dangerous because those biscuit are just oh so dreamy . i can not describe them . just get some.do i feel guilty about noshing on fabulous strawberry napoleon and jewish pizza ( kind of like a modified , yet totally delicious fruitcake bar ) at 10:15am ? hecks , naw ... but they do have quiche and some other breakfast-y item for those who prefer a more traditional approach to your stomach is opening ceremony.just go early : ) they open at 10 on saturday . and bring cash ... it is easier that way .
the website is almost never updated , it is small , crowded , they are not the best at answering or returning phone call inquiry , and you have to get there ridiculously early to enjoy a decent selection . so far these point do not sound like a rave review , but the thing is once you taste some of the delectable treat this place ha to offer you will all but forget about any grievance you might have . the food is truly glorious , and every last delicious morsel make the rest entirely worth whatever you have to put up with to get to it . i hate key lime pie , but after trying a sample of theirs in line to place my order , i am a convert , it is that good , a is everything else .
i arrived on a thursday afternoon at 5pm when there wa absolutely no other soul in the bakery ( except for the staff ) . my pumpkin pastry with carmel topping wa alright . i also tried the key lime cake and sour cream and apple cake . the key lime cake wa definitely the best of the three.while i have been to better bakery , i will definitely be back . i have heard story of wonder and delight from other friends.there is a small seating area with table and a water dispenser for diner .
there is no better place in pittsburgh for interesting baked good . i wait in line with my daughter ( who is 14 and only get up early on a weekend when we are coming here : ) on saturday and it is worth it . we are foodie and cook a lot at home so let me hit some highlight : the ham and cheese sandwich are to die for and i hesitate to let you all know that ; the biscuit are crazy good..dense and moist ; the key lime cake is the best i have ever ; amazing pepperoni roll ; the chocolate tulip is death by chocolate and delicious ! we have not eaten our way through everything yet but it is all fantastic.lisa
i am a creature of habit -- i have been getting a savory and sweet item each time i am around the neighborhood . white lily cake is divine ! quiche always tasty . macarons are alittle too sweet . i wish the cake slice were not $ 4/pop . otherwise , would be a regular here .
we were visiting our friend who live close by , it wa raining on a saturday morning , our friend told my boyfriend and i to go here and get a ham sandwich . a ham sandwich ? we thought . yes a ham sandwich . my bf grabbed two to go while i waited in the car and we started eating and driving , eating these warm buttery wonderful tiny ham sandwich . 5 minute later we drove back to food glorious food , this time i hoped out of the car and ran in , got 3 more and ran back to the car . i am not a foodie , i am not a meat lover , i rarely eat breakfast . ... ... .. but ... ... .. these were to die for ! ! ! ! how could a tiny little ham sandwich taste so good ? the people that worked there , a young woman and a very young ( teenager ? ) man we are so sweet and friendly , the pastry were sitting all around on tray looked amazing too ! very small and charming inside , just like you want french cafe to be . when we go to house sit for our friend next month , i will be a gaining few pound a week on ham sandwich . it might be the most savory 3 week of my life .
my sister , husband , and i went in after early dinner . it wa completely unplanned but we were attracted to the quaint storefront . we purchased a crispy elephant ear-like dessert sprinkled with cinnamon and sugar . it wa glorious . i bought a piece of apple-walnut-cinnamon sugar cake with cream cheese frosting . it wa delicious an moist . we also purchased freshly baked chocolate chip cooky . they were absolutely rich and scrumptious . the woman who wa there an greeted u seemed like she might be the owner . she wa sweet and very helpful . great disposition . this is probably my favorite small bakery in pittsburgh . delightful .
i can not even . perfectly delicious food , reminds me of a true french bakery . delectable cake , pastry , chocolatey thing , a well a savory quiche , bread , and their signature little marinated ham sammies . i used to be a regular here on saturday morning and would spend $ 20-30 bc i will get 4-5 thing to last me through the week . ha ! that never worked out . it lasted about 3 day . the last time i went , the person working the counter wa really unfriendly . but hey , maybe they are trying to really nail that french bakery vibe : ) no matter , the baked good redeemed this cranky lady .
food glorious foooood , hot sausage and mustard ... actually they do not sell hot sausage and mustard but , you know . they do have amazing ham and cheese sandwich , that are kinda pricy , but oh so good . and if you want them , you better get there early on the weekend ! they are small , so get 2 for yourself at least : ) we have also tried the nutella tart , which i have had twice now because it is so delicious . the fruit tart is not bad , cinnamon bun are great , jewish pizza is ok ( not what i wa expecting - it is kinda like a fruitcake - like the dreaded holiday kind - but denser and drier ) , stratum ( eggy bread dish ) which wa pretty good , key lime cake - so so good , and quiche ( good ) . seating is hit or miss , since there is only a few table ( 3 of them seat 4 people , 1 seat 2 people ) . on a quieter morning you should be able to find a seat . they serve coffee a well ( nothing to write home about ) , $ 2 a cup , but if you like coffee with your dessert like me , it is nice to have .
came across this place after checking out a thai restaurant across the street . the name intrigued my family and i , and it looked like adorable from the outside . i fell in love instantly . and came back several time after first discovering this hidden gem . you walk in and the wonderful smell just overwhelm you in just an amazing way . the ambiance is that of an old style kitchen- personally , it reminds me of one of my aunt kitchen , which give it that homey feel that is so comforting . they have seating- which i never saw in any bakery prior to this one . they also serve coffee and encourage you to take a seat and enjoy your sweet treat . they offer such a unique array of sweet . definitely not your typical bakery . pie , torte , moose and cookies.. and when they do have cinnamon roll , grab them ! they are a hot commodity ! my personal favorite is their key lime pie . oh my goodness . it is amazing . they have had it every time that i came , thank goodness . their key lime cake is phenomenal a well . their fruit tart are incredible , the chocolate moose is amazing- they have a lot of item with fresh fruit which i love ! my only critiques- the hour : they are closed on monday and sunday : / , not ideal for someone whose only day off is typically sunday . and also , they write all the item thy have in the case on a small chalkboard posted on the wall to the right of the case . every time i go , i find myself asking the employee what everything is , which i find to be a little annoying . regardless- it is worth it . it is such a hidden gem and going there and experiencing their sweet is a real treat .
i have had the following item from this place : banana cream piecoconut cream pienapoleonpumpkin rollkey lime pielady fingerscookiescupcakesi have never been disappointed . this is the kind of place that should exist . it ha that home made taste with a professional look . everything taste fresh and delicious . i have not had one bad thing from there yet .
this is the best little bakery in pittsburgh ! my favorite include : key lime cake , biscuit , stratum and their ham sandwich ! the line is always out the door , but you will not be disappointed !
the best dessert in pittsburgh i have ever had , bar none . i have had pecan pie , key lime pie , lilac cake ( which is basically the best white cake you will ever have ) , broccoli/cheese & mushroom quiche , biscuit , coconut cream pie . the crust are exquisite , too . everything taste homemade , yet from the nicest home in the city .
my sister and i were walking her dog when she told me about the cinnamon roll at food glorious food . she said that they were incredible but that they sold out really quickly after the store opened . we happened to walk past the store at 10:15 am ( the store opened at 10 that day ) , so we decided to try our luck . we arrived just in time , and we managed to snag the very last cinnamon roll ( at least at the moment ; maybe they make more later , but i am not sure ) . we also got three macarons : one blue velvet , one pb & j , and one salted caramel . all of these item totaled to $ 9 , which i think it a pretty good deal . the cinnamon roll wa outstanding . it wa soft , buttery , and perfectly sweet . all of the macarons were top notch too . they had thin , crispy shell with a chewy inside and subtle but still very recognizable ( and tasty ) filling . if you are in the highland park area , you should absolutely treat yourself to the delicious baked good at food glorious food .
this bakery is amazing ! we stopped on a whim after eating breakfast next door because the place looked cute and we are so glad that we did . we got a chocolate chip cookie , a piece of their signature white cake with raspberry filling , a raspberry filled kolache , a cinnamon dough oval , and a brownie . everything wa delicious ! the service wa exceptional . there wa a line out the door a we were leaving at about 11:30am . we will certainly go back a we are fussy about our baked good and this place meet our standard .
white lily cake , bought the first time because i liked the name . now my family expects me to bring it to all family function ! it is beautiful to look at and delicious to taste !
i recently discovered this place upon strolling around highland park , my favorite east end 'hood .i always get coffee at tazza d'oro but this place also serf coffee and most of the item they create/bake are perfect with coffee ... i think the stand-out item is the cheese-cake brownie and perhaps the 'scotcheroo'.try both of them ... i have been to europe and experienced the patisserie in paris and they are a good a confectionary/sweets/dessert food get but , place like food glorious food are the next best thing , state-side ...
this place fill a void in pittsburgh : a genuinely from-scratch bakery in the east end . i got a sampling of cooky , a quiche , a ham and cheese bun , a raspberry kolachie , and a cinnamon bun . every item wa uniquely simple and delicious.i ordered a pan of biscuit for my saturday brunch and i can not wait to pick them up.i felt like i wa in my great aunt kitchen . it is an extremely inviting and personal experience , i will be a regular here from now on . la gourmandine is an amazing french bakery , but the atmosphere and quality at food glorious food is something more than panache , it feel like home .
i walk by this place every wednesday , and until today i had never poked my head inside . i wa super hungry , it is raining , and the store smell so good , so i could not resist.the person helping me wa super patient and nice while i asked about basically everything in the case ( checking for gelatin , you know ) . also , they take credit card ! anyway i settled on a pumpkin roll , which wa amazing . first , the slice are huge . second , the ratio of cream cheese frosting to cake is high , but i love it like that . third , the flavor overall wa perfect , not too sweet.ca not wait until next wednesday !
i came here to buy some dessert for a dinner party later that evening . a it wa my first time at food glorious food , i asked the woman to help me choose a variety of dessert . she wa patient and answered my question on the various good but for some reason i thought it would be a quicker process and she would be more decisive with suggesting thing - it felt more drawn out . also i had ordered a peanut butter caramel rice crispy treat and she did not cut it into piece after she offered ; and she placed the fruit tart near the flap to the top so the cream got smushed into it.that being said one of the guest really enjoyed the chocolate chip cooky - he ate one and then came back for the second ; another enjoyed the napoleon ; and the peanut butter caramel rice crispy treat and pumpkin roll were good . the dessert were good and had a homemade feel.based on the other review i would like to come back and try other thing here at the bakery such a the sandwich , quiche , pie and cinnamon roll - they have got a cute rustic sitting area , and they take credit card . i came here in the early afternoon on a saturday so they may have sold out of some item .
i had a slice of the white lily cake at a wedding in 2013 . still to this day , one of the best piece of cake i have had . definitely top the list of wedding cake . the icing is nice and light , the sweetness is well balanced , and the fresh fruit is always a nice touch .
tom and brad are the best ! my entire family love this place and tom and brad ( and you will too ! )
this place . i can not say good enough thing about it . dangerously delicious treat and super nice staff . i do wish they had marker on their item so people would not spend 10 minute asking what each individual product is , especially when they are really busy on saturday morning ...
absolutely love this place ! it is only a few block away from where i live and we love walking over and grabbing a little something . my favorite is the buttermilk biscuit . soooo yummy . the cinnamon roll are great too . not a huge fan of the chocolate chip cookie only because they use a mix of semi sweet and milk chocolate chip . ( i personally hate milk chocolate ) . but other than that i love this place ! i highly recommend trying it out !
every so often , i hear rumbling about how great this bakery is . highland park is a bit out of my way , but after leaving the zoo , it seemed like the perfect time to test this place out.my friend and i came in around 3:30 on a saturday , and they had clearly been busy all day . there really wa not much left . i ordered a cheesecake brownie ( $ 2 ) , and she got two key-lime macarons ( $ 2.25 ) . we both enjoyed our dessert , and while they were far above average , they were not the best . however , the people in highland park are spoiled because they were quite good . i suspect you need to get here at opening to try the popular items.the store front is cute if you want to eat in , and there is one bench outside . additionally , they appear to accept credit ! not sure if there wa a minimum .
i visited food glorious food the sat . before last at around 10:30am . i wa waiting to be seated for brunch at e2 next door with some friend , and one of them suggested that we swing by the bakery next door . this reminded me that that bakery wa food glorious food , which i will been meaning to check out for a long while , so i eagerly agreed and we headed next door.having read the previous yelp review , i knew that the cinnamon roll wa a popular item . give that i am always on the hunt for good cinnamon roll -- of which there seem to be precious few in pgh -- i got one of them ( $ 2 ) a well a a chocolate chip cookie ( $ 2 ) , which the guy working the counter told me wa another popular seller . i had the cinnamon roll later that day , and it wa pretty good , although not the best i have had in pgh . it had a decent amount of both cinnamon and icing , and the dough wa soft and pliable . i tried the cookie the next day , and it wa quite delicious -- possibly the best one i have had to date in pgh . it wa a decent size and ha a decent balance between crispness and softness . most importantly , however , it had copious chocolate chip that melted in my mouth , which ( for me ) is an essential component of a legit chocolate chip cookie.based on the good i sampled , i will rank food glorious food within the upper quartile of pgh bakery . unfortunately , i am leaving pgh soon , but if i wa not , i will definitely love to stop by again to sample their key lime pie , a i am a big fan of that dessert . 4.5 star .
`` food , glorious food ! do not care what it look like ... just thinking of growing fat.. '' sings oliver from the musical . yep you got it . they named this place after this song . stopped over here after lunch to grab a dessert . most of the dessert i have seen before but they had a few different one for me to try.they are a bakery but they only sell dessert , wedding cake , and various quiche . i purchased a spinach and mushroom quiche to take home with me for my next day is lunch . it must have been popular-it smelled so good when i got it home . can not wait to taste it ! i am sure i am going to love it . they had small whole pie along with what they call a great chocolate chip cookie . i bought that for my daughter and got a nice slice of apple streusel . the crust on that thing wa flaky and soft . they do give you generous portion for the price you pay . they do offer a nice assortment of desserts.i decided to try something a little different while i wa there which wa called a signature white lily cake . i later learned they use this same batter for wedding cake . i had it and found that it wa not too rich but light enough for me to enjoy after a heavy meal . they have a small sitting area in front if you wish to eat it there . some of the dessert require refrigeration . others do not but make sure you wrap them if you intend to eat them later.since i had arrived later in the day the breakfast pastry were gone but i am sure if i return at an earlier time of day they would be worth a try . street parking is available . this place is off the beaten path but well worth the visit . `` why should we be fated to brood on ... beautiful , magical , food , glorious , food ! '' beat gruel any day !
this is for the aaa office in monroeville , but since they are not on here ... . had to go there to complete car registration ! not pleasant people - no smile or greeting to me & others in line ( and i wa there 3 different time for well over a hour . ) they also shove down your throat their membership . if that doe not work , then they try to scare you w/ it . or the fact that you will save sooooo much money by being a member . and , they are certified a a notary , but they will not go out to verify your vin ... they make you go thru the hassle of seeing a mechanic and then returning to their office for a 2nd time !
you will get better service at the proverbial `` bureau of motor vehicle . `` visited today to help my son secure title/registration for a car he purchased . the office open at 8.30a but nobody actually started helping people until about 8.45a . and then it wa only one staff person -- and she wa visibly ill ( which we later learned wa a hangover after overhearing her conversation with a co-worker ) . one person working among the dozen of desk and workstation . granted , it wa a friday morning , but still . just one ? ! ? ! ? ! ? i understand the need to schedule people on peak/off-peak demand for service , but this is not what i have come to expect from aaa . it wa like a ghost town there . and nobody smiled at anyone else . not at all . a ( small ) bunch of unhappy people trapped in a soul-less bureaucracy . a i said above : it is worse than the bureau of motor vehicle . when we left -- 9.35a -- they were `` serving '' only customer # 4 . unbelievable . aaa used to provide service . not any more .
i have had a wide range of experience here . let is just say , when i first moved here , one of the employee gave me poor advice and ended up totally screwing up my title . it is been a tremendous ordeal to get it fixed . another employee tried to help me fix it and screwed that up too . now i am working with a third person who seems very competent and committed to helping me solve this problem , but even she is like `` i can not believe those other people told you to do that ... .they made this so much harder than it needed to be . '' my thought exactly.work with barb , if you can . she know her stuff . i do not quite trust anybody else to help me properly . also they are only open from 830-4 ( or is it 430 ? ) so you pretty much have to go before work , or on saturday . and i will be going in tomorrow at 830 until my car title saga finally come to it conclusion ... .also , parking is free in their lot . and if you are a aaa member , i think your fee are lower , or something like that . i do have aaa , so it make sense for me to come here - i can not say what the experience is like for non member .
there is no option for zero star so i wa forced to give one . 7 week ago i wasted an hour of my time and $ 5 to process a title transfer . btw , east liberty/motor square garden-their parking lot is awful ! who make paying customer fetch token to park ? 7 week later , no title ? for some odd reason , local aaa office dont post their phone number online ? instead , you get the generic 412-363-5100 number which is a call ctr and they have to `` transfer '' you to the local office ? naturally , i get an automatic voicemail . and again naturally , no return phone call . cant wait until aaa call me to renew my membership . complete incompetence . might a well deal with penndot !
if i could give negative star i would . after this review , i am writing the president of aa and if action is not taken to correct the disservice at this location , i will never be a aaa member again . ( been one since 1999 ) i recently moved from tn and needed to transfer my title and register my dodge ram in pa . this process is costly regardless of where you go , but adding $ 36+ for every transaction make aaa the most expensive . i am willing to pay for people to deal with this inconvenience for me , but aaa ha made it worse than going to the dmv . each and every clerk at this location is incompetent , uneducated , and aloof . i should know , i have dealt with at least a dozen . go to the dmv.for my very simple transaction , i have had to return to this location 7 ( yes that is seven ! ) time , and it still is not resolved . they have forgotten to request the title from my lien holder , issued the wrong plate for my vehicle , neglected to inform me of step required by the state ... i mean seriously , why would you pay $ 36 for each visit , just to get it wrong . go to the dmv ! why did you return there if you were so unhappy , you might ask . well once you begin the process at one branch , you can not transfer to any other branch . ( we went to monroeville to transfer my wife is car and it took 30 minute , once . ) go to monroeville , or cancel your aaa membership and go to the dmv ! ! oh , and 30 minute ? that is a dream ... i am waited between 45 minute and 3.5 hour at the east liberty aaa . prepare to take the day of work ... nay , the week in order to complete any transaction at this facility . go to the dmv ! ! ! ! it ha now been over 5 month since i started this process and it is still up in the air . they do not know what i still need to do , but they are happy to keep charging me to figure it out . save yourself hundred of dollar and a week worth of lost wage and just go to the dmv ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! yeah it might seem sterile and slow , but at least they are not serial criminal . it will be over with like waking up from a bad dream , instead of the reoccurring nightmare that is the east liberty aaa.oh , and if you think this is a harsh review ... call their number , 412-365-7196 . 9 time out of 10 it just ring and rings.. once i timed it for more than 30 minute before i got an answer ( with no apology ) . if you are in the aaa , you will know i am calling . it is the constant ring in the background that nobody answer .
if i could give negative star i would . after this review , i am writing the president of aa and if action is not taken to correct the disservice at this location , i will never be a aaa member again . ( been one since 1999 ) i recently moved from tn and needed to transfer my title and register my dodge ram in pa. ( a dodge ram is a truck ... in case you did not know ... cause they did not ) this process is costly regardless of where you go , but adding $ 36+ for every transaction make aaa the most expensive . i am willing to pay for people to deal with this inconvenience for me , but aaa ha made it worse than going to the dmv . each and every clerk at this location is incompetent , uneducated , and aloof . i should know , i have dealt with at least a dozen . go to the dmv.for my very simple transaction , i have had to return to this location 7 ( yes that is seven ! ) time , and it still is not resolved . they have forgotten to request the title from my lien holder , issued the wrong plate for my vehicle , neglected to inform me of step required by the state ... i mean seriously , why would you pay $ 36 for each visit , just to get it wrong . go to the dmv ! why did you return there if you were so unhappy , you might ask . well once you begin the process at one branch , you can not transfer to any other branch . ( we went to monroeville to transfer my wife is car and it took 30 minute , once . ) go to monroeville , or cancel your aaa membership and go to the dmv ! ! oh , and 30 minute ? that is a dream ... i am waited between 45 minute and 3.5 hour at the east liberty aaa . prepare to take the day of work ... nay , the week in order to complete any transaction at this facility . go to the dmv ! ! ! ! it ha now been over 5 month since i started this process and it is still up in the air . they do not know what i still need to do , but they are happy to keep charging me to figure it out . save yourself hundred of dollar and a week worth of lost wage and just go to the dmv ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! yeah it might seem sterile and slow , but at least they are not serial criminal . it will be over with like waking up from a bad dream , instead of the reoccurring nightmare that is the east liberty aaa.oh , and if you think this is a harsh review ... call their number , 412-365-7196 . 9 time out of 10 it just ring and rings.. once i timed it for more than 30 minute before i got an answer ( with no apology ) . if you are in the aaa , you will know i am calling . it is the constant ring in the background that nobody answer .
worst experience . slow , rude , unhelpful , and completely clueless . after one hour here and talking to 4 different people , i wa absolutely no closer to getting my driver is license renewed .
not that bad of an experience is what i keep telling myself , and that is what i will stick to.confusion set in a soon a you near the place , and before you step foot in the door . do i park on the street , do i pull in that lot that ha all the confusing sign ? take your pick it doe not really matter . careful crossing the street to get here . once inside , the confusion continues . sign are somewhat lacking and really do not directly tell you where you need to go . getting lost is easy in here . majority of the time , escalator are down for maitenence , making it that much harder to navigate the building.my soul purpose to coming here wa to get my license picture taken . at usual location for the dmv , you walk in , take a number and sit and wait . not here . without a sign to indicate that you need to stop at the reception desk until you make it to the dmv portion of the floor , you have to turn around and wait in a line . and when you wait , you get to hear the receptionist make a snarky remark about how you can not read a sign ... make it bigger and put it where a person , not a dog , can see it.thank god that all i had to do wa get a picture taken while in here , or i might have lost it.sidenote : is it just me , or would this place have been better used if it wa a market to buy fresh meat and produce in . or an indoor shopping center ?
i wa dreading the trip , but turned out better than i expected . i already had my driver is photo card in hand and just needed to get my picture taken . wa not too busy on a saturday afternoon . the lot ha free parking which wa convenient .
i have to say that i have had quick and efficient stop in here for all of my car need . firstly , walking into this building is quite a spectacle , from the beautiful exterior and interior . i have to be honest , my first trip in here i felt like taking my escalator down into the pit that is aaa wa equivalent to taking a trip into the fifth ring of hell . i hate anything dealing with the dmv , registration , license , tag , blah blah blah . however , both of the time i stopped in here it wa not crowded at all , and the woman that helped me were very nice and thoughtful . the station you must go through are quick and effective . both time i had business here , i wa in and out in le than a half hour- which wa far better than the marathon nightmare i wa expecting .
came here needing to change our title to pa after moving from california . service wa very nice and the staff wa extremely helpful ... it is not an easy process and at least they are very accommodating .
i like how this place is so conveniently located . although they do not do out of state license , they can change your plate to pa one . anyway , this place is aaa a the name state , so i would suggest you get a membership before coming a their computer are very , very slow . my husband went in without a membership and signed up , and because of their computer , we were there close to 3 hour . so be warned . the customer service is very nice and they try to do their best to please their customer . if you are getting plate here , make sure you have everything , otherwise you will be coming in for nothing . since the title of my care had my husband name on it a well , i had to get a power of attorney so i could get the care registered . so that kinda tell you just how much stuff the state requires . overall my wait wa not too bad . just bring a book or download a game on your phone in case you end up waiting to be seen .
this place suck ! not only do you have to pay more for routine dmv service if you are not an aaa member , you will wait for literally hour to be seen . complete waste of life . i hate this place with a passion ! ! ! !
i moved to pgh from san francisco in 2010 , and every single dealing i have had with aaa since i moved here ha been great -- straightforward , super helpful people , and mostly quite brief wait time . the agent that i have worked with from the start , whose name i think is heather ( long dark hair , second desk from the left ) , ha always been willing to spend a much time with me a i needed to understand what i wa buying and/or the process that i needed to go through.also , my car wa totaled a couple of year ago ( some jagoff who wa texting rear-ended me , ahem , please do not do this ) , and they were phenomenal . i had a check for the full amount in le than a week.i see a lot of negative review here for service that are title related . i do not know if those people are even aaa employee , they might be dot for all we know . i have had three title transaction , including one for a car that wa from out of state , and they all went smoothly . i have been with aaa for more than 40 year , and when i lived in california i wa seriously considering switching . not anymore .
i never write review ... but just had to for this piece of work . i usually blow off overly negative review ( read prior review about this place ) assuming they are disgruntled customer looking to whine about something.well this place ha been completely incompetent getting my title transferred from out of state . weekly call over 3 month , and now my temporary registration ha been expired for a week and they do not know when i will have legal plate . they promise to call me back right away , and it take a week . it is just frustrating that these folk are this incapable of completing a simple job . go somewhere else . anywhere else .
going through aaa is a bit worse than your average dmv . the woman working the front desk wa nice , but that wa about the sum of it . the guy who processed our registration wa patronizing and slow . he also made a mistake that required fixing after the fact . i can not say i am enamored with the peculiarity of pennsylvania licensing law .
it is so painful for me to give this place a 5 star review , but when i think back to the bad time i have had here , it is because i wa in a terrible mood when i walked in and it just did not get better . when you come here , be prepared to wait . i routinely wait for about an hour . seems ridiculous ? it used to piss me off but now i bring a magazine . it is better to have a aaa membership when you go here because you will get a discount , but it is the only dmv in the area . it is convenient because of that , and they do validate parking.i recently bought an suv out of state . the transfer could not have been easier , even with the messed up mileage written down by the idiot i bought it from . can you believe he actually tried to sell me the truck with a bill of sale ? ? yeah , um no ! ( i am just justifying calling him an idiot ) .you can get pretty much everything done here , even get your license renewed . do not go here on the weekend . it is a zoo . and do not go here during lunch hour during the week . around 2 in the afternoon on a weekday ha done me well . just be patient and treat the employee with respect , and you will get out of here in one piece and maybe even in a good mood !
i have been a member for more than 39 year . i got a flat tire on my miata and fortunately this wa the first flat tire in 8 year since there is no spare . i called aaa and the service and follow-up were both appalling ! i called for a flatbed truck and the first dispatcher wa rude and unhelpful ( and i waited a long time to get this rude treatment ) . finally he agreed to send someone to put air in the tire . i said if they do not come with a flatbed truck , then no use . he said i would get priority service for the flatbed if air wa not sufficient . air wa not sufficient , the guy called for a flatbed and i waited and wait . i called aaa again and wa told that since i wa at home , i should wait longer . so the air in tire wa wasted time . finally someone came and it wa not a flatbed truck . he said that this wa better than a flatbed . it wa getting late . he forgot to release emergency brake and towed it to garage with brake on ! he also damaged the front fender by towing the car . i called the next day . i wa told someone would get back to me within 1-3 day . no one ha gotten back to me yet . i can wait forever to talk to some one.so i complained by email and decided to share with you too . horrible treatment .
extremely bureaucratic employee . bad facility , even without a trash can in the room . the waiting is forever not only because there are many people in the line , but also a result a a low efficiency of the staff .
while most aaa business can be done on-line , this is still a beautiful building to behold . this is the place to come for driver license photo . also the place to come for title service . you can obtain ez-pass here and consult with travel agent and get travel brochure . the upmc shadyside school of nursing faculty office and computer lab and classroom are also located within .
stay away from nichole ... ..she provides terrible customer service at this location.i never seen such a rude person in this county so far.seems like she do not wanted to take care of the customers.very poor
avoid this place/service if you are military.place wa a little bit of a disaster . it easy to be dissatisfied and rant about a customer service organization . so i take my hit with a grain of salt with these place ( and not yelp about it ) . but this place is incompetency took the cake.im military living outside of pa. made call to aaa and asked if i could renew my pa license on the spot - wa told i could . so i drove 6 hour there on a weekend to renew . upon arriving i got three different story from three different aaa people ( all adamant on their stance of how to renew ) . it ended with the last person telling me i couldnt do it ( had to wait 10 day for a camera card first before renewing - which i couldnt do ) . the confusion wouldnt have been that much of a gripe to yelp about - but the 'matter of fact ' language used with all the conflicting opinion of a non existent policy wa the nail in the yelp coffin for them . having a 12 hour drive wasted didnt make it any better a well .
newbie car owner here -- -- i didnt know your registration needed renewed . luckily i keep all of my information and maintenance on mycarfax.com . they sent me an email saying my registration wa due for renewal . i checked my plate sticker which indicated they expired the at the end of april . i had been driving around with bad plate sticker for over a month . wow . call me lucky for not getting caught . i needed to get it done asap . to avoid highway and such , i came to this aaa which wa 10 minute from my house . i called to verify what wa needed -- id , updated insurance card and old registration . we recently renewed our insurance and the receptionist said to have insurance fax paperwork to aaa while we were waiting . we waited no more than 15 minute . 30 minute and $ 55 later ( since we arent aaa member there wa a $ 15 fee ) we were out the door and legal again . yay.random comment but the building wa unique & beautiful on the inside
i called the phone number for this aaa listed on google yesterday , and i asked the lady about travel visa card . my husband is going to the bahamas , work during all of their business hour here , and need a travel card . i asked about the foreign exchange markup and about what i needed to bring with me to get a card in my husband is name . she said nothing and that you can get up to 4 card on one account and give them to anyone . so i said okay ! and then the next day drove the 25 minute into east liberty ( my least favorite place to drive in pittsburgh ) , and i get there , sit down with the cashier , and find i can not get my travel card because my husband is not with me and he need to be sitting there in order for her to assign a card to him . she told me about companion card , which apparently can be given to anyone , but only if they come with you to the office . she tried to be helpful by offering a suggestion to visit my bank , but she should have been able to give me the companion card for my husband to use in the bahamas . i should have the right and prerogative to set up a dedit card , put a ton of cash on it , and give someone the card and the pin to use . i will never come to this place again . sad to say the other review i read of this place are accurate .
this library is so close to the east liberty shop and development project . it is a half a block away from the border and walgreens . you can take out a limit of 50 book and they have table of fiction bestseller and a great cookbook selection . good place to go this summer for something to read and not spend a dime ...
well , i just moved to shadyside from oakland so i am used to perusing the lovely stack at clp main . i finally made my way here a month after moving and wa pleased with the selection . it is not a extensive a main , but it could not be since it is much more compact ! if you want something from another branch you can request to pick it up here . they also had a lot of computer to use , chair for sitting to read and a decent magazine selection . it is bright , modern , airy and i have no complaint . other than i could not use the self-checkout because it wa being wonky , but that is technology for you : )
great place for east liberty to have this library and it is so close to my house . i love it here . also it is nice and quiet here . great addition for the african american community of east liberty . i love the section of book they have . come down and visit this awesome place ! ! !
i have only been there a few time but it wa a nice place - good staff , they mix drink well , and it is a friendly atmosphere .
this is one of my favorite bar in pittsburgh . it is a bit edgier than most of the others bar in the area , which also give it a lot more character . this place is one of the closest thing that reminds me of an urban-artsy feel that i am used to in southern can . shadow support local artist and ha weekly open mics . only downside is i am not used to paying a cover for open-mic session , but i understand an establishment need to raise some dough . the drink are decent and there are many local and big artist that come here for show . always good vibe at shadow !
among the best of the 'burgh . great live act on a regular basis .
a a brooklyn based live indie-electronic/hiphop performer that travel , shadow lounge is by far one of my all time favorite . a a pittsburgh native remembering it is first opening when it wa just bboys , graff head , mc is and dj is doing their local thing , it is amazing to see this place ha become so professional , original , and really stands-out and is positively active for the community and continuing growth of pittsburgh . the service is delightful on both side ( ava/shadow lounge ) , the price are just right , the sound system is a complete banger with crisp and clean sound . the crowd is mad cool and always responsive to good music . shadow lounge really hold it down for pittsburgh is scene no matter the genre . can not visit pittsburgh without stopping by shadow lounge .
i am a newbie in pittsburgh and have lived in california almost all of my life . most recently i wa living in the san francisco bay area where dope lounge , club , cafe are bountiful . ever since the first time i stepped foot in shadow lounge a sense of familiarity and peace overwhelmed me . got ta give it up to the owner , justin , for creating such a unique and welcoming venue in pittsburgh , i can honestly say that both shadow and ava lounge have become one of my new favorite kick it spot hand down !
it is nothing like the bar in san francisco , i do not know where you people went . i am not enough of a scenester to appreciate shadow lounge to the fullest , i do not care for poetry slam or open mic . the night i visited , they had a live band playing an early set , it ended at 9pm . i wa intrigued by the sandwich they make on one side of the bar - whatever it wa smelled amazing and no doubt smell even better after you have had a couple beer . speaking of beer , on tap selection is small - 4-5 beer and even the fridge wa not impressing me . they do have full bar however.there wa also another room with couch and big tv and another club ( ? ) linked to shadow lounge that looked more hip-hop and danceclubby . there wa no dancing going on though and the room wa rather empty .
shadow lounge brings good music to east liberty in pittsburgh . for this , they deserve 3 star alone.however , the one time i wa there for a reggae concert , it wa incredibly crowded , but even worse , it wa impossible to get a drink at the bar . there were two bartender trying to serve 300 people . in sum , come for the music only .
great food , timely charming staff , great sound guy , and nice environs ! go here !
just relocated to pittsburgh ( 2010 ) and heard about this place . saw two concert ( bilal and tobbey boney ) for under $ 30 buck each . the drink are yummy plue dirt cheap ! the owner ( dude with a fro/think beard ) is really nice . heck , he is actually pretty hot in a retro/hip/techno/neo soul kinda way . if i wa not a lesbo ... i will ****** ... ... .******** him . hahaha
great club/bar/lounge/venue . great mix of people and music with decent bartender and good price on beer .
loved everything from the ownership , to the crowd , to the live music . loved how everyone seemed to actually be dancing , and not just standing and staring on the side line . did i mention that it wa a live 10 person salsa band ? yes , yet another oxymoron : salsa and snow ... again.. only in pittsburgh !
went several night in a row : thursday , saturday & sunday . i can not say enough how much i love love love this place ! ! ! every night wa different : african night , latin dance , brass band ( that wa amazing ) . the ownership is way friendly & open to chatting which i love . the bartender are open , friendly & genuine ... anyone who remembers my name & my drink is a winner in my book ! it show they are listening when they actually ask you a question ! the ownership wa willing to allow u to order & set on fire a flaming dr. pepper ... ..had to bring a little southern treasure north ! ; ) i love the diverse , yet open and friendly crowd each night . i felt right at home.now for the real surprise ... .the food ! ! ! we ordered the~tortas 7.00 ... we got one chicken & one steak..both were perfect ! sandwich with your choice of tofu or breaded chicken . served on toasted bread or multi-grain wrap with melted mozzarella cheese , fried bean spread , avocado , tomato , and onion . topped with a chipotle saucecheese steak torta 9.00grilled steak served on toasted bread or multi-grain wrap with onion , pepper , mozzarella cheese , fried bean spread , topped with guacamole and chipotle saucei wa shocked & amazed at how wonderful this `` bar food '' wa . the tortas were great & the guacamole homemade . i will be back every time i am in pittsburgh !
on tuesday night , they have open mic . on my birthday ( 4-12 ) , i went here to check off another life list item ... spoken word ! i did it ! the crowd wa open & welcoming to all that performed . there are some awesome artist in pittsburgh ! also for $ 5.00 , i got a basket of tortilla chip and 3 homemade dip : guacamole , black bean and a verde salsa ... all were delicious & for $ 5.00 it wa a lot !
they are showing out behind the bar ! ! ! last night , i had several of their new drink : key lime pie martini ... amazing , my best friend is black ... delicious , strawberry , lemonade and basil , not my fav , but tasty . the key lime pie martini and the steak burrito are a great pairing ! i continue to love this place , the people there , the overall atmosphere more than any other place i have experienced in the bar/lounge scene .
combinacion ! this place is the shit for real.where is the patron at ? ? ? ( b )
absolutely amazing ! great staff and service ! best music in pittsburgh , hand down . good work guy !
i wish i were cool enough to hang out here ... i am not . however , that doe not stop me from going from time to time and trying to blend in with the cool crowd . in all seriousness , this place is great . a laid back vibe with the best music and best bar in town . and when i say best music ... i mean best music . best jazz night in pittsburgh on monday , great classic hip hop , and other genre that you do not hear anywhere else in pittsburgh.the owner is awesome and will talk music with you any time he ha a moment . if you are a music nerd , come early and chat it up with justin . he know his stuff and will chat it up with you . i promise you will love chatting with him . very cool guy . and of course the bartender ... all great . very friendly . will make you whatever you want , or mix up something special and surprise you if you would like . again ... i am probably not cool enough to hang out with them , but when i am hanging out at the bar , they never remind me of that .
one of the most eclectic venue in pittsburgh . shadow lounge ha a great variety of act that it pull in.i just went to their titletown soul & funk party and it wa a really great time . great music , fun crowd , pretty decent price on drink . i will definitely be going back for titletown and in general , shadow lounge is a great place to see alternative act in pittsburgh .
best jazz open mic i have ever seen . possibly the best in the u.s .
ava/ shadow lounge is a place that i would take my out of town guest on a monday night . with the live music and well mixed drink , it is a place that is sure to be a good time . if you are luck to nab a seat/table near the door i would recommend it . since the live music can be loud , it is a great way to enjoy the band and still carry a conversation . definitely stop by and check it out- you will not be sorry !
um , amazing . is this real life ? or is it just a shadow ? just kidding about that joke . but seriously , i wa blown away by the drink , special , server , food , manager , space ... .that i could not understand why it wa not packed on a monday night that happened to be martin luther king day ! callen ( i think i am spelling her name right ) is an incredibly sweet , efficient , and talented bartender ; solomon on the grill whip up a killer ( but without death ; veg friendly ) tofu and bean fried taco ; and justin is an offbeat , dry , and very cool bar owner who is interested in providing an open space for his community - they have held a huge number of widely different act in the past , and plan for more in the future ! look out ! geeeez , guy , and you have drink special erry dey ? thank god i got there on $ 4 margarita night . nothing impress me more than a dern good margarita , i do not care if it come in a tall glass.the bar itself ( i do not think we are in ava anymore , toto ... ) can get mildly confusing if you do not bother to learn the layout until you are three margarita deep , so let me advise you in advance : ava is the part that is glowing green , and feel like a cozy , well , lounge ... shadow lounge is the rest . there is a large , yellow room containing the main stage , and a blue , intimate room with a half-bar . who want to go with me on a wednesday for ~experimental~craft~drink~ night ? oh , and no , they are not hiring .
enjoyed the winter solstice concert saturday night . fun scene , cover benefited charity , drink were decent ( nothing spectacular ) , but the grilled cheese moved this review from a three to four star rating . fun night , cool spot . will go back !
this place is great and get more diverse crowd than any other place in pittsburgh . the layout is good , drink are cool and music is just great . the place is great place to chill out and is not a crazy a south side or station square . this place is a hit or miss though . some day you get lot of fun people and on other day , it is deserted . the cover on weekend is mostly $ 5 though on some special event day , it is $ 10 . overall , ava is one of the most underrated place in pittsburgh for night out .
there were zero other people here aside from my friend and i .
i wa here for a concert the other night . apparently , there is much more to the venue than the side we were on where the stage wa , but it wa a pretty small area for a pretty big crowd . ok , so we arrived shortly before the opening act and ordered beer . $ 4 for a yuengling bottle is not ideal , but whatever . we snagged a table with stool near the door before too many people got there . by the time the opener wa over , the place wa packed shoulder to shoulder , and whether we stood or remained on our stool , it wa nearly impossible to see the stage.i liked that it wa an intimate venue , but that many people packed into such a small space , with expensive drink , and not even a good view ? not the best venue i have ever been to ...
i agree with stacey b. i am not cool enough for this place . i spoke with jay mall briefly , and he wa indeed cool , this is one of the best r & b dj is since venus flytrap . ( from `` wkrp in cincinnati '' ) i hope to stop in again soon . it is worth the trip .
it is surprising how long it took me to get here , then i hear a rumor they are moving soon anyway ! geez ... way to be behind the time rachel ! i have been interested in a bunch of the night they have hosted before , but have never made way way over . i went to celebrate one miss aja j is birthday for hip hop v house night . i am a big hip hop fan , but not much into house . they had two dueling dj is and an mc hosting the event . i actually liked the mash up of the two genre is . it wa definitely better than just house.they have about 5 beer on tap , which i think is impressive for a `` club . '' especially different since it wa much more than miller light . they actually had a pumpkin brew on tap , which forgive me for not remember , i wa into ! at $ 5.50 it wa not breaking the bank , but it wa not a $ 3 miller light fo sho ! we came a little early , but it seemed like the night really started to pick up around 11pm . yep , i am old , i left at 11pm . lame , i know ! i hope they find a new home , because i think it is a place we do not have anywhere else and i am happy to have been finally !
when i go out i like a more mature , diverse crowd -which i have to admit , some place in pittsburgh can not offer . ava offer that and then some . the atmosphere is awesome and give off a neo soul vibe . all of the bartender are friendly and can mix a mean drink ( especially asante ) this is the only place i will go for happy hour or just to chill and have a drink . justin and staff keep up the awesome job ... ava is my favorite spot , and i would and have recommend it ! ! ! !
i spent about an hour here . most of the associate are older men that take pride in there work and are all about customer service and getting the job done . thesis associate were always working and never just standing around talking . whenever they finished one task , they would ask someone else if they needed help.now if only the key copy they made were accurate ...
i love this store . i can just spend hour walking around getting idea of thing to either update or change around my house.all of the sale associate are very helpful and knowledgeable . sometimes it is hard to find someone to help you because they are busy helping other customers.they even cut key that actually work .
i have done basically a gut renovation of my house over the last year , and the east liberty home depot ha made this process ten time more bearable . most of the staff can give you reasonably good advice about which item or tool you should purchase , they all have a good understanding of where thing are in the store , and the return policy is amazing . when you make 3-4 trip per day back to the store , after realizing that the simple wiring of a light that you planned ha evolved into an afternoon installation project , having someone who is nice about you returning part and asking a million question is such a stress reliever . if you need to use the bathroom when your plumbing at home explodes , you may get one or two odd look if you bring a toothbrush , but even then the staff seems to have seen everything and maintains their nice and calm demeanor . the only reason i would not give it 5 star is because i wa once ( out of 50 time ) given very bad advice about which stain to use that basically ruined a brand new $ 1000 wood door , and the appliance tend to be overpriced by comparison to best buy and sears .
i love hardware store . love . but this home depot ha disappointed me . the location is great , but the floor staff is unhelpful.tonight wa a great example of i do not like the floor staff . my vacuum stopped picking up anything but the largest piece of dust . after opening her up , i quickly realized i needed a new belt . it wa pouring down rain , but i put on my rainboots , grabbed an umbrella , and hoofed it over to ye ole home depot . i had to stand over the shoulder of five -- yep , i counted five -- employee in appliance for a full minute before one of them would help me.after someone directed me to the vacuum part , i had two male employee stop by to see if i needed help a i searched for the correct belt . i had the vacuum is name and number written down , a well a the belt style , and had the actual busted belt with me . yet , each of these men acted like i wa some stupid girl . `` did you unplug the vacuum before you removed the old belt ? '' one asked me . duh . i am not an idiot . the other later asked , `` do you always wear bright yellow rainboots when you are doing repair ? '' and snickered . look , all i said to both gentleman wa `` i am just looking for the correct style number . but thanks . `` i received similar treatment i stopped by to buy a new set of bit for my drill . `` you know drill come in more than one kind , right ? '' i wa asked . and when i needed a new bag of dirt of my cactus , i wa question about why i wanted succulent dirt over potting soil . every time a male employee here approach me , i am questioned or given unsolicited advice in a snotty way.this girl may wear bright yellow rainboots , but i am also the norm abram of my family . aka i am pretty handy . oh , and the vacuum work perfectly now.shout out go to the check out attendant , who were super polite . nice work , lady .
this wa my first time to this home depot . very impressed with the customer service here . we were redoing a bathroom and went in for more tile . they were out of them . however , a staff member helped u use other tile and decorative piece to compliment the tile we already had , instead of schlepping all the way to monroeville to pick up the tile up were originally looking for . we were very happy with the result !
fish out of water here when it come to hardware related thing . i mean i know how to swing a hammer and push a button to start a machine , but all the other stuff ... meh.i have only really gone in here to pick up paint , so i will focus on that . i feel bad for the lady that work the paint counter . each time i am in there she always seems to be by herself with a line of customer all wanting there base paint tinted . i do not believe there wa ever a time i could just walk up to the counter and have my paint mixed for me . give that woman a hand .
this is a pretty good hd . it is somewhat smaller than the one in ross park and monroeville , but they seem to stock most of the same item . occasionally i do need to go to monroeville to find specific item , however . with a 1920s house , i spend quite a bit of time here for getting material for repairs.customer service is about average . some people are very helpful , others not so much . in general , they seem to be better than the lowes at the waterfront . at least hd people know where item are in the store . i can not tell you how many time i have received completely different ( and wrong ) answer to finding stuff at lowes.i would prefer a small hardware store ( such a an ace ) closer to me for thing like nut , bolt , and screw . ace seems to have a better selection than hd doe for hard-to-find item . hd ha most of the basic covered , however , and probably a little cheaper.i generally avoid their paint section except for equipment . i prefer the service at a sherwin-williams or masterwork paint store . we have had decent luck with their garden department . we have had to return a few plant that died the day after we planted them , but they have never given u any problem with return . it is a big-box home improvement store , for better or worse . it is a convenient location with a decent selection . 'nuff said .
last february i went to the home depot with the intent to get a portable ac unit and i left with two lovely house plant and the ac . my plant are doing great thriving and looking good . i got a spider plant and a golden pathos . they had a rather impressive selection of indoors plant . my only regret is that i did not get a peace lily while i wa there . i purchased my first ever air conditioner and i am happy i did so at the home depot . i have terrible luck with appliance . in my experience no matter how much i pay , be it $ 30 or $ 300.00 my appliance always seem to stop running right after the manufacture warranty expires . so i opted for the additional year of coverage which cost peanut . i believe the additional protection it wa le then $ 15.00 dollar . to this day i find it funny that my hubby and i purchased the last portable ac the store had , remember guy this wa last february . so apparently there wa a run on ac last winter . anyway it is still working great even after i dropped a screw inside of it on accident and i am happy with my purchase . the staff did a good job helping u find the ac and i will be more then happy to spend additional dollar at the home depot . i might even get that peace lily after all .
i would rather drive out of my way to another home depot than give this location my business . employee are unhelpful and the most of them are too busy talking to each other and complaining about their job to notice you are standing there in front of them . strike that ... i am certain they notice , they just do not care.i am a pretty understanding person , but when this sort of thing happens more than once on the same visit , it is time to go . there are plenty of hd is around , seek them out and skip this one ( especially if you are going to have question ) !
most of the home depot i have seen are the same and that includes this one . aisle full of hardware supply , tool , bathroom accessory and even a small nursery for gardening . my favorite section is the tool section seeing that i am a diy-er . ( do it yourself ) if you did not already know that . i enjoy building , maintaining and fixing thing in my own home a opposed to hiring a contractor and paying a boat load . i am best known at the home depot in monroeville . i come in there so often a lot of the employee know me just by my dog . yes my dog , who i have brought into this store several time . they allow pet i am assuming because i have never been asked to leave and i have seen others with their pet a well . that is the best part about the store is the animal policy and the fact that they offer enough supply for you to practically build a house . some thing are cost efficient while others are kinda breaking the bank . there not a modern a lowes but they have alot of the same product . i recently built my own in home bar . t is 8 by 2 , a long bar that i ( a girl ) built by hand . i am very proud of the work i did . i installed light and polished it and it ha a resin top with ceramic tile beneath it . it is a real beauty and i got all the supply at home depot . cost me about $ 600 to make but i put it together in 2 month so that is a plus . but yea if your in need of some nice plant to go in the kitchen or patio or you just want to spruce up a few thing around the house , then this mega home repair store is where you ought to be . between this and lowes it not like you have a choice .
i am not a home despot fan in general a i like to favor small hardware store instead . but i wa here with a friend who is in the middle of a home renovation project and needed my help . i wa here at an off time and on an off day and the customer service wa great . 3 out of the 4 people who helped u really knew what they were talking about . i really felt like i wa in a home depot commercial with the friendly worker explaining their product to you and helping you make smart selection . in the course of an hour in the store at least 6 people asked me if i needed help finding something . in home depot i often have to walk around for 15 minute to find a sale person who know nothing . this home depot wa quite different from the rest .
what ha happened to the east liberty home depot ? it used to be my `` go-to '' place for everything diy , but no longer . i stopped by yesterday to pick up about nine item , all of them basic home improvement supply : cabinet handle , tension rod , quarter round molding , etc . i came away with none of it . everything we wanted wa out of stock ! when i asked if i could order it and have it delivered to the store ( to save the shipping cost ) i wa told that the item i wanted were not `` qualified '' for delivery to the store . `` when will the item be restocked ? '' `` do not know . '' `` would it be possible to get the item delivered from another store in the region ? '' `` no , that 'messes with ' our inventory control . '' oh , but i wa told i could haul my sorry butt out to monroeville where the stock of everything i wanted wa plentiful . really ? the staff i dealt with could not have cared le about helping me . maybe because it wa a holiday ( new year is eve ) . dunno . do not care . customer service should not ebb and flow based on the day/date . the east liberty hd used to have shelf full of product and plenty of choice . and the staff wa helpful and eager to engage with customer . no longer . it appears that the company ha given up on the location and is letting it die a slow and painful ( for it customer ) death . very disappointing to me .
if you know exactly what you need and will not be asking for any assistance , then any home depot is fine . however , if you do need assistance , want to ask question or take a class , then i recommend going somewhere else , anywhere else really . the customer service at this location is terrible . i once signed up for a class here , and they even had the class written on the board at the front of the store . however , once inside they had no idea and after being handed off to different people , the fifth employee decided to hold an impromptu class just for me , which consisted of him reading the class instructor is manual on the computer and then telling me what it said . i took another trip here to get some lumber and have it cut , and that wa an adventure because the employee working in the lumber section had never used the wood cutter equipment . i will say that 9 out of 10 employee will purposely avoid you or will not be able to answer your question . now , perhaps it is tough for this location to find knowledgeable employee , but then home depot corp should bring in a better management team and work to improve their employee ' customer service skill and content knowledge . a the store stand right now , it appears that home depot just doe not care , and that is a shame .
good luck trying to get them on the phoneusually , the garden center is out of many plant earlythe sale are usually better at lowe'soverall , shopping there is a poor experience.i am writing this while on hold on the phone for the garden center
i made the rookie mistake of going to this home depot on a sunny afternoon on a saturday . enter pure chaos . for starter , this parking lot is the worst . small space with large truck squeezing in . seriously , what were they thinking when they made these micro space ? there were people in every which direction aimlessly and some pointedly cris-crossing every aisle . i wa able to ask two different employee for help , but you have to grab them , because they are busy.the check-out wa even more insane . two lane with actual employee and then the self-check out , which really should not even be a thing . you try scanning your own yard stick . yeah , right.this particular home depot is located just beyond penn circle in east liberty ( 'slibery ) and is off a one-way street . do not come here for a relaxing shopping trip . be prepared for insane parking lot war and lot of chaos once inside . but if you live in the east end , and need supply , this is probably your best bet .
after several other trip to this home depot ( it is the closest option for me ) the service ha been better . it is still heavily dependant on the day/person , and there are lot of employee who do not know very much and still learning , so have some patience when shopping here .
waiting 20 minute to get one piece of wood cut in an empty store on a friday afternoon . priceless !
fairly mediocre , even by the relatively modest standard of home depot . unfortunately , this is probably the best you are going to do for hardware in most of pittsburgh .
tried using the online order store pickup with the hope of increased efficiency . fail .
terrible cashier here very rudethis homedepot is doing a terrible job never again here
i have always enjoyed this branch for my home repair need . it is quite close and never too busy . the staff have always been nice and helpful . one complaint i have is that the key maker/machine here seems a bit off . of the three time i have come to make copy of key , i had to go back again because the first copy would not fit very well .
wow , this place get railed in some of these review , but i actually kinda like this store.it is your standard home depot in term of product selection , so there is nothing too notable in that regard . the customer service experience i have had here have actually been mostly positive . over the last several month , i have been going paint crazy in our house , so i am pretty much on a first name basis with the guy at the home depot paint counter ( it is kind of embarrassing that i am there so much to the point where they know me , but whatever ) . anyway , jamaal and the rest of the paint department staff have always been very helpful , giving me tip and advice on paint color , type , tool , etc . they are patient with me when i request ton of paint sample ( and i know how super annoying that is ) . dare i even say that i look forward to getting my paint here ? ! a another example , we get our christmas tree at home depot every year , and we have always been very pleased with how nice the staff ha been in helping u tie it to our car . and just the other day my husband and i were in the plumbing aisle sizing up tool to help u unclog a drain , and an employee walked up to u and asked u if he could help . so nice . in fact , i can only recall one less-than-positive experience here , and it wa when an employee mis-cut some wood for u ( which we did not know until we got it home and it would not fit in our subfloor ) . so i guess the service ha not been 100 % perfect every time i have been here , but for a big box home improvement store , i have been very pleased overall . i do hate the parking lot though . every time we go here , we pretty much count on the fact that someone will almost hit u , either while we are driving or walking into the store . also , we have a compact car , but yet it seems like we barely fit in the parking space . with such a huge lot available , i am not sure why they felt the need to make the parking space extra small , but it just add to the craziness of the lot .
needed to get key cut so off to home depot i went . someone immediately offered assistance a soon a i walked in the door and directed me to the correct place to get key cut.employee wa very fast and pleasant a he cut my key ( which work perfectly in my door ) .only downside is the parking lot craziness . i felt like i wa going to get hit or hit someone else everywhere i turned .
i dont stop in home depot too often . i am an apartment dweller and while i spend countless hour on pinterest , i dont do too many diy project . i have been in this home depot a few time for random thing i decide i need . it is also closer to me than ( dare i say it ) walmart and if you use both website , many thing at this home depot are priced better . for example , my bathroom is small and ha no window so sometimes the air is moist . i looked online for good product and found `` damp rid '' it had nice review and seemed to be easy to figure out . this store only charged $ 3 for that item while walmart charged $ 7.50 . judge me but i also like walking around home depot.. checking out different type of kitchen cabinet or bath tub whenever i come in.an employee wa happy to help u locate the damp rid and he had a good idea where it wa located . also , everyone we came across said hello and wa kind . it wa actually surprising . kudos to home depot . they are doing something right to have so many happy employee . yesterday experience is the reason for 4 star .
much better than i had expected for a home improvement store within city limit ! staff were helpful and knew exactly where to point me when i needed some guidance . the organization of the store is pretty much like corporate dictate - the same a the rest . the item offered are reasonable quality , although most are not super high end when it come to fixture and appliance . that being said , i have always been able to find a great many item that are key to maintaining my home in tip top shape . they keep a nice supply of led bulb , garden tool , hardware , and regular tool , so i am satisfied . i have not ever consulted with them for a home improvement project , so i can not really comment on that aspect , but they definitely advertise the service ! will definitely be back due to it is convenient location .
i really like this shop . i can just spend hour walking around getting idea of thing to either update or change around my home . all the sale associate are extremely useful and educated . occasionally it is difficult to seek out someone to aid you because they may be busy helping other customer .
avoid this place . you could spend hour there looking for something without anyone in sight to help you , and when you do see an employee they walk the other way half the time . the employee are nice but i get the sense it is managed terribly . for the amount of business they do you would think hd could up their effort here .
home depot ha a wide selection of hardware item , appliance and tool and plant for gardening . this is a nice store that serf the highland park , east liberty area . with many old home in this area and people working on them , this home depot is a welcome addition to the area . in my opinion in term of selection , ease of shopping and knowledge of the staff this doe not compete with several lowe is outlet i have frequented . it is quite difficult to navigate on a busy weekend with parking difficult and cart all over . it is difficult to get in and out of their lot a well .
i am not at all a handy person and home improvement skill do not come to me naturally . with that , i must say that i have always had a positive experience with the staff at this home depot . somehow they have done a great job of never making me feel like a complete idiot when it come to home repair . if you live in the city , this is the spot to go .
i have shopped at several pittsburgh location over and while all staff are friendly and helpful there is something special about the crew at the east liberty location . it doe not matter if i am buying light bulb it a sink , they take the time to go over any and all question with attentiveness and care . having custom made paint mixed is always a breeze .
do not get them to do a roofing job done for you . it took three month to do mine . time , expense , trouble heartache wa what we hot.they hired people that had to be required to do certain area correctly .
i have been to the glass center perhaps 5 or so time now . i have gone for a tours/demonstrations and two `` make it now '' class . i have thoroughly enjoyed going each and every time . some of the art they have on display is fantastic . it wa interesting the last time i went because local artist were there to sell glass work they made.the make it now class are well worth $ 25 . you get to be somewhat involved in creating the object ( you get to pick the color , blow the glass , and do a couple of other thing . you never get too hot to the oven or do anything dangerous at all . if you want to be more involved , there are other more advanced class that you can take ) , plus you have a wonderful piece of art to take home ! i have made an ornament and pumpkin so far and will be making a flower soon . the instructor have all been very nice and helpful a well , making the experience even better.i can not wait to go back !
very modern , super friendly staff , class offered to public and student alike . unfortunately they were between show when we visited , but even then there wa a lot to see and the instructor upstairs wa quite comfortable working in front of the public . i will go back , especially if i lived in town .
i love the glass center . i have been lucky enough to attend quite a few event here , and also do a small class where i wa able to make an ornament . the staff is always friendly and fun , and i always leave feeling grateful that we have such a unique place here in pittsburgh !
most definitely , i am a fan of this joint . there are fabulous , high-quality display of glass art , and they offer lot of learning opportunity if you want to make your own glass art or functional glass piece . plus , on gallery crawl night ( first friday of every month ! ) they have snack galore .
a few hour before the event , we happened across the ad in the city paper and decided to give it a shot . we were excited to get there a the event said we would be making something , there would be food and music , demonstration , live music , and a gallery . booking our reservation for 6pm wa quick and easy over the phone ; $ 60 for a couple . upon arrival , we checked in and were asked if we wanted to purchase another item to make ; we were confused because we assumed that we would each get to make something . in the end , we chose not to spend the extra $ 15 to make another garden float/ornament ; aka a hollow glass ball . when our 'instructor ' met with u , he wa very friendly but it wa loud and he wa very hard to hear . he ran through everything at lightning speed and in the end , all we got to do wa blow air in a tube for 10 second . had the first attempt not popped , i would not even have been able to do anything ! from a teacher is standpoint , there were many other step in the process that we should have been able to participate in ; i would have been happy to sign a waiver if that is part of the issue . within 15 minute , our ball wa done and we were shuffled out so another couple could have their turn.we then worked our way downstairs to the food and drink and there wa an assortment of beer , wine , sparkling juice , veggie , fruit , cheese , and some deli meat . the assortment wa nice , a we were able to snack on the healthy side , but the beer wa still warm.the gallery wa nice to walk through with work on display from so many talented people , the live music added to the ambiance , and the demonstration were interesting to watch.in the end , it wa nice experience , but were severely let down by the make-it/take-it section of the evening ( the part we were most excited for ! ) . it really started to bug u , when later in the evening , we saw an older couple getting to do more of the step in the process ( mind you , we are not young kid , but young professional ) . we would have liked to have a small 'info talk ' about the step that will take place , why they are that way , the tool used , maybe some quick science behind it , then get to work on the item .
the glass center is a marvelous addition the pittsburgh cultural scene . they are a gallery , a place to take class , a center for glass artist in residence , and much more . whether you are taking a tour , a class , or visiting the gift shop or gallery , there is a lot to see and learn here . i have taken tour several time with different group , but i always learn something new and i am always impressed by the great work take place at the center.they will take student at every level . their facility is well run and professionally staffed . i wa delighted to meet their enthusiastic staff.there is a hot shop , a cold shop , a flame shop , and a gallery , so there is lot to see and learn .
i went to a yelp event here , where we were able to make a fused glass piece and also watch some demonstration and go to the gallery . everything in the gallery wa amazing . the demonstration were neat , and the fused glass wa something i would go back to do again.i really did not know that the glass center wa open most of the time , and if you go there on any random day , you can watch whatever is going on . i think that is pretty cool ! they also have class where you can blow glass or make bead or whatever you want ... i can not wait to pick up my piece and come back for another class !
went here with my girlfriend last saturday . they were having a girl night event . a small bar & dessert were included in the price . it wa $ 40 per person . we loved it ! we worked closely with a glass artist . we did not just watch , we were acutally doing it ! we made glass flower , i can not wait to pick mine up ! ( it take a few day . ) i definitely recommend this a something different to do with friend or on a date ! my one friend did a glass blowing event there & said that this wa much more hand on than the glass blowing wa .
i had drove past the building for year but , never went inside . my first time here wa for a yelp event and all i can say is wow ! this is such a cool space and concept . the building is two floor and divided to about five different area . the gallery is a cool space and each time i have been there wa a different cool display . there are also different sized class room for working on different type of project . such a the hot shop , cold shop and framing shop . i highly recommend seeing the glass blowing demonstration in the hot shop . it is pretty cool to see being done.my daughter wa been several time and love it a much a i do . one event she went to wa a totally free event for teen called play by the fire . it gave them the chance to make art with local organization including : assemble , were the teen got to build and test game using the scratch programming language and conductive material . carnegie library of pittsburgh , were the teen got to learn the basic of photoshop and become an all powerful fire wizard with green screen.carnegie museum of art , were the teen got to document the fun of play by the fire while experimenting with retro polaroid camera and learn how pittsburgh biennial artist , corey escoto , manipulates polaroid film and combine photography with other material to make imaginative work of art that are currently on view at carnegie museum of art . makeshop at child is museum of pittsburgh , were the teen got to create a short stop-motion animation . create and use handmade prop to build a simple set . and work with an overhead camera to tell a story frame-by-frame.manchester craftsman is guild , were the teen got to watch current student demonstrate on the potter is wheel , a well a use an interactive photo booth . attendee will be able to print their own photo to take home . current student demonstrating on the potter is wheel , a well a an interactive photo booth . they were also able to print their own photo to take home.the mattress factory , were the teen got to combine a small motor , battery , cool trash and a marker to create a beautiful and unexpected drawing.pittsburgh filmmaker , were the teen got to explore creating their own surface pattern design repeat with hands-on collage technique using 2d and 3d collage material . for those who wanted to take it further got to use a scanner , adobe photoshop and color copy to visualize what they are pattern would look like a wallpaper , or fabric.pittsburgh center for the art , were the teen got to create a unique jewelry pendant , earring or key chain using the enameling process - the art of fusing glass to metal . the resulting object combine the best property of both element : the strength and durability of metal with the shine and color of glass . pittsburgh glass center , were the teen got to make their own glass paperweight , flower or pendant.union project , were the teen got to watch live demonstration and got a chance to go for a spin on the wheel.the warhol museum , were the teen got to join artist educator from the andy warhol museum in silk-screen printing and button making . remix and collage imagery to make cool layered print and buttons.the teen also got to dance by music provided by kelly strayhorn theater , swag monkey and tracksploitation and got to watch andrew the impaled , pittsburgh is premier pain proof clown and performance arsonist.they even got to eat furnace-fired pizza , gooey s'mores and more ! my daughter absolutely loved the event and can not wait for it again this year . i love the pittsburgh glass center but , must say that some of the price for event are too high for most people to be able to afford going to the center very often . maybe if they offered a groupon or something like that . but , all in all , the pittsburgh glass center is a must see .
i am always looking for unique way to spend valentine is day . this year , i celebrated by doing a make-it-now at the glass center with cm . this event wa held the evening of the day before valentine is day ( 2/13 , a fri. ) . i will been to the glass center in fall 2013 to observe an exhibition during radical day , and had been meaning to try out a make-it-now , so this event provided the perfect opportunity to try my hand at glass craftsmanship a a novice.for the v-day event , you could choose between three item to make : a glass flower , a heart pendant , and a glass tile . cm and i chose to make a glass flower , so upon checking into the glass center , we were told to go upstairs and check in at the hot shop . upon doing so , there wa a 15-20 min . wait , given that many other couple were scheduled to do the activity at around the same time . we passed the time by helping ourselves to some of the snack that the glass center thoughtfully provided for participants.when we were called , we worked with an instructor from the glass center ( i forget his name ) to make our flower . he first demonstrated the step involved in the process , explaining each of them in turn . we then chose the color and design of our flower , and proceeded to work with our instructor to carry out each of the step . he wa very patient and helpful throughout the whole process , despite our characteristic clumsiness ! despite the amount of people and molten glass in the studio , crafting our flower wa a breeze and a lot of fun , thanks to his guidance ! after making our flower , we had to rush across the street because we had reservation for dinner at verde . after finishing dinner , we returned and observed the other make-it-now activity -- the pendant in particular wa fun to watch . after they wrapped up , we went to the gallery to check out the glass art exhibit , which featured an art program in wilkinsburg . we were even able to participate in it by adding to a mosaic that would be displayed at the program . finally , we checked out some of the glass art on exhibit by artist using the glass center in the foyer.overall , we had an amazing time making our flower at the glass center during the v-day make-it-now , and strongly recommend it a a unique v-day activity . the price wa reasonable ( $ 35 ) , the activity wa fun , and the staff wa friendly . the only drawback were : ( 1 ) it wa crowded , due to the popularity of the event , and ( 2 ) you have to wait three day to pick up your item so that it can cool properly . obviously , however , there is not much the glass center can do about them , so i am awarding 5 star for one of the most unique and fun venue and activity in pgh !
i am not the traditional , flower , chocolate and dinner kind of valentine . i want to do something fun and different ! so when saw pittsburgh glass center wa hosting flower making class for valentine is day i wa in ! a soon a i found out about it , the spot were filling up quickly so my boyfriend and i signed up for a 5:45 class . we got there early because , well that is just who we are lol so we walked and got a cup of coffee and tried to warm up . when we came back , we went upstairs to where the class wa and it wa so warm and toasty up there ! i could have fallen asleep ! `` the guy with the clipboard '' a he referred to himself took our ticket and we had a seat to watch the other people making their flower . we were teamed up with a guy ( matt , joe ... i do not remember his name , skinny , beanie , glass ) who helped u make our flower . he wa so friendly and talkative . he really took the time to explain the process to u even though people were waiting , i never felt rushed . after we finished making our flower , i wa slightly sad we were not able to take them home that day , but our guy explained to u when we could pick them up and why were were not able to take them home today ( ie . glass explosion ) . i look forward to going back here for another event or just to look around !
the pgc offer something for everybody . there are very few ( le than a dozen ) studio like this in the state , so we are incredibly lucky to have one here . the equipment is maintained by a professional crew and the class are taught by highly skilled and professional artist . this is definitely the best place you could think about having your first interaction with molten glass.. or if you are a professional artist moving to pittsburgh.. well , this will be your new home .
the best church in pittsburgh ! if you are new to the pittsburgh area or are just looking for a new church to belong to then your search is over ! one thing i love about mt . ararat is that it is not a black church or a white church , but it is a church for all people of all color and race . pastor curtis is one of the best teacher and preaches i have ever heard ! men is bible study is on the first monday of the month at 7pm . regular bible study is on tuesday at 12 noon and 6pm . saturday night live worship service is at 7pm . sunday morning worship time are 7am , 9:30 and 11:45am . if you can not make it to tuesday evening bible study or worship service on sunday you can watch them on the church website . there are even shuttle to pick you up in oakland if you are a college student and would like to go sunday worship service . not to mention the rement choir is amazing . they came in second place in the 2009 national how sweet the sound choir competition ! they have put out two cd is . the second one , only jesus wa recently released and it is amazing ! they even have a separate youth worship service during the 11:45 service for child from six all the way to teenager is . if you go to the 11:45 service on sunday you will see me in the balcony during the spring and summer and at the 9:30 service during football season.http : //www.mt-ararat.org/
this church seems to have it all , great preaching , amazing choir and they seem to be servicing the community in so many wonderful way . honestly i can not say enough great thing about this church . love it !
this place doe gorgeous updos for $ 25 apiece . my bridesmaid and i went there on the day of ( with no trial run beforehand ) and we all had beautiful hair exactly the way we wanted it . the hairdresser are so friendly and attentive and so accommodating in letting 5 of u take over their relatively small shop for 2 hour on a saturday . i wa so happy to find them , and so happy not to pay $ 60+ a pop for wedding party hair !
got my hair done in an updo ( for only $ 25 ! ! ! ! ) yesterday for my wedding . they did amazing ! they listened to what i wanted and although it took quite a while ( i have really long hair ) she spent the time to do it right and exactly how i wanted it . great service ! ! the price is not high but the quality is !
michelle is a godsend ; went in for a simple , fuss-less updo and wa stunned by the result . she is quite the perfectionist , and for $ 25 , her mastery is bizarrely affordable . forever bookmarked . ( note : street parking can be fairly difficult to find on s. highland so scour the smaller adjacent street for a free 2 hour . )
great for a quick cut . $ 22 for extreme attention to detail and excellent finish .
rosemary is amazing for updos . only $ 25 a piece but great attention to detail !
i went in to get a haircut . never been here before and had no preference a to which beautician did it . the place is fun ! mainly due to no nonsense people that work there . it is not a glamorous spot like so many other salon in shadyside , but you get experienced people with great sense of humor and down to earth attitude , that above all listen to what you want . i ended up with michelle , and i loved what she did with my hair ! it is perfect ! $ 31 overall for a cut and blow dry . i will be back !
i have taken my clothes to shadyside valet for the last six month and have had mixed result . just recently i have given them a pair of pant with rain splatter below the knee for a third time , having pointed it out when dropping it off each time , and received it back with no progress made on the splatter . although this is hard to define , i also find that my shirt seem to be `` beat up '' after a few time through their care . they also staple the id tag to the tag of the garment for dry cleaning , which a ) is a bitch to pull out with your fingernail or otherwise and b ) show a level of disrespect to the clothing that bother me . a very wise man once told me that if you are not receiving the level of service you require from your dry cleaner depsite repeated instruction , it is time to move on . i am currently looking for a new dry cleaner .
terrible dry cleaner ! poor customer service . i have gone there for convenience sake , but ultimately , i spend more time pointing out their poor quality and returning a second and third time to fix their mistake than actually saving time . i made the mistake of not inspecting my item at the counter , and when i bring them back the next day , saying that they are still dirty , they have the nerve to make me pay for it again . i will never go there again , and i recommend you do not either .
they do not take pride in their work . while clothes are usually cleaned and pressed well , they do not make an effort beyond that . if you ask them to take out a stain , they do not . clothes given for repair or tailoring are done right about half the time , the rest of the time they get lost . if you ask them to do two thing to a garment , that is way beyond them -- will do the hem but not the button , etc . they also lose thing , more than once . do not take your clothes there because they will damage or lose them .
i had been searching for a reasonably priced drycleaner in the east end for month with no success when i stumbled upon shadyside valet . i have had item drycleaned and shirt laundered and pressed for several month now . i have also had a vinyl bag and a skirt repaired . everything is always done well , and i have never had to wait more than a few day for my item to be finished.the staff is very friendly , and there is usually never a wait . everything is reasonably priced-about $ 6 for a skirt or pant , $ 11 for a suit , and $ 8 for a dress . considering the many over-priced alternative , i wa so happy for find this place ! highly recommend .
simply awful ! i dropped off three suit friday afternoon , and the person who wrote my order wa rude , but i brushed it off and chalked it up to a bad day . a promised , they were ready monday after 5pm . i brought them home and wa shocked . the back of the jacket had the exact same wrinkle in them that they did when i dropped them off . furthermore , there wa the exact same crease in the left sleeve a when i dropped it off . additionally , they did not smell so well . to make matter worse , they just hung the jacket on wire hanger without any cardboard to keep the natural shape of the jacket . the suit were all custom tailored and not cheap by any stretch of the imagination . i refuse to even let them touch my suit again , let alone any other article of clothing . i should have read into the clue of the rude employee , but hindsight is always 20/20 . the worst $ 35.00 i have ever spent . avoid at all cost !
this place wa a life saver ! i got into town late afternoon yesterday and it wa pouring . i dropped the dress i wa to wear today to a wedding in a huge puddle a i wa trying to get stuff out of my car . after talking to them on the phone , they insured me that they could ha e it done by noon today in time for me to wear it . everyone wa busy but so nice to me . and they did a great job with my dress ! i am so grateful for their help . it wa such an affordable cost too ! recommend this location to anyone in need of an affordable emergency dry clean !
i had great service from these guy , only people in town i could get same day dry cleaning and be able to pick up on sunday from the laundry factory . going to these people for now on !
they have ruined my clothes on 2 separate occasion ! i would not have returned had i known before i went to wear what i thought were `` perfectly clean '' clothes from shadyside valet . they are streaky at best ! stay away ! they are awkwardly rude in a very nice way . also they failed to even attempt to remove stain from my clothes , a asked expressly , on two other occasion . i took care of those stain myself . i am ditching them and calling my bank to get a refund ! that placed is cursed ! ... .nothing but bad experience ! ! ! i want you to know i am not just an `` angry customer '' . they really do suc ! ! ! ! after reading the other review is i have them a `` 1 star '' instead of 2 . giving them one is crime in itself .
i dunno what everyone is negative issue with this place is , been here a few time and it is always been great . friendly staff , solid service , never been disappointed , do not be detracted by the negative review , always been good to me .
very rude and condescending . they have a way of really getting under your skin within a few minute of trying to talk to them .
these dude are the best . great service , great explanation , and their price are the best in town for an oil change ( though this doe mean that for oil change they are always super busy - because they are awesome ! ) highly recommended over nearly any other automotive care company in the vicinity - i have tried them all . these guy are the best .
we went there to get two new back tire . we we pulled out the lot we start hearing a loud grinding noise . we took it back and now they are saying there is something wrong with our break . but we did not have that problem until we left their lot ! and then we talked to the bos and the big bos and `` there is nothing we can do about it '' they said . we used our hard earned money about $ 300 to get something fixed and now we have something broken that wa not until they touched it ... do not go here . and then there wa another lady that wa complaining about their service too . get it together midas !
i kinda accidentally walked in ten minute before these guy closed , asking for an oil change . oops : /like the awesome guy that they are though , they let me know that , while they would do it quickly ( like , not check anything else ) , they would still be okay with doing it . the guy wa super nice about it.after all of this , he took me out to look over everything , wa super friendly , and answered all of my questions.they are great . i will be back if i am ever in this area when i need anything .
my experience wa similar to amy r. midas installed a tie rod incorrectly . i of course did not notice ( who look at their tie rod after having one installed ) . when i had my state inspection done , my neighborhood mechanic found the problem and fixed it ( which i had to pay for ) . i complained to midas and they said that i should have had the neighborhood mechanic put my car back together and then drive the car to midas to re-install the tie rod properly . since i would have had to pay my mechanic labor anyway , and midas had already shown that they did not know how to properly install tie rod , this option made no sense to me . my car is working fine now ( thanks to my neighborhood mechanic ) but it wa like pulling teeth to get any money back from midas . it wa only after i complained to the pa attorney general that they refunded the money i paid them for the faulty tie rod installation . like amy r. , they offered to give me a free service ( i think it may have been an alignment ) . but my safety is important to me so i am never letting them touch my car again . the attorney general tried to get midas to give me the money i had to pay my neighborhood mechanic ( which i would not have had to pay but for their ineptitude ) . however , midas refused ( the owner called me a liar , by the way ) , and the ag is merely a mediator and can not force midas to do anything . the ag did , however , suggest that i file a civil claim with the magistrate and thought i had a good case . i chose not to because the filing fee is $ 94 and the potential upside wa only $ 200 ( with the downside being i lose the case and am out $ 94 in addition to the $ 200 i already paid ) . a an aside , i took our other car in for work a while back . my spare is under the trunk ( you have to lift the carpet cover ) . i do not expect them to put everything back exactly where it wa but it wa a if they put on a blindfold and just threw thing in a messily a they possibly could . i have never experienced such a lack of consideration or professionalism.do not take your car to midas ! ! they do faulty work that can jeopardize your safety . the are unprofessional and discourteous . they place no value on customer satisfaction . take your business elsewhere ! !
i called to find out if i needed an appointment to which i wa told `` just come now we can take you '' then when i gave them my key they said come back in three hour . guy wa also trying to push a credit card and seemed upset when i said i did not want one . three hour later when i came to get my car transaction wa processed and he wa ready to let me go on till i brought up that the paper said something had been broken on my last oil change . that is funny because between my last oil change and this one i personally checked them oil meter and it wa not broken . furthermore i week later i found my car is belt system wa broken . the guy who fixed it said someone must have broken and although i do not agree it is something they could have seen . not coming back even though it is rather convenient
great service ! they fit me into a busy schedule within 2 hour of calling and fixed my flat tire for a great price . i will definitely use midas again after my experience with them .
i hate to be a complainer , but these guy did such a half-asked job on my oil change ( something soooo simple ) i feel like i should give my 2 cents.i made an appt online for 6pm the following day . the next day , the bos call and say that spot isnt open , but if we needed high mileage oil , i could drop it off that night and it could get done the next day . that worked out perfect bc i work 9-5 and an actual appt before 6pm wouldnt be possible . plus , our car is at 108k and needed high milage oil . so we drop off the car ... . no envelope or pen to write down information . luckily i found an envelope in our car and borrowed a pen from advanced auto across the street . so the next day we go to get the car . i asked if high milage oil wa used . he said no because we didnt discus it . ( really ? ! -_- ) i asked if they did the tire rotation . he said it wasnt needed ... . midas is known for complimentary tire rotation w/ an oil change so just do it instead of making b excuse . i asked how the courtesy check went and he said everything came back ok which wa also a lie bc we were told at our last oil change that the air filter will need replaced soon and a week later the check engine light came on ... so clearly the courtesy check wasnt done bc everything wasnt ok. whyyyyy do thing half-asked ? finally we go to leave and i realize the sticker inside the windshield wasnt updated for the oil change ( ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ) we had to go back in and ask to get one printed . seriously how to you mess up a simple oil change appt in multiple way . too many mechanic in east end . i will go elsewhere if a quick-fix problem occurs . for scheduled maintenance , i will stick with the midas in monroeville- they were helpful , honest & did everything the right way .
crook . brought my car for tire rotation & oil change , we specifically discussed that my oil change will be $ 19.99 . got a call from them later trying to sell me alignment , brake job , more expensive oil ( $ 55 ! ! ) - the usual crap they sell to people because they think they are idiot . refused all of those . came to pick up my car after work and waited for 1 hr 20 min , wa last one at the shop . saw that my car is out and saw the chart brought to the frontdesk a while ago , but the frontdesk guy did not give it to me for good half hour for no apparent reason . when i asked what is up he finally processed my car and it turned out that he put in the most expensive oil in the shop . dude , do you really think i can not see you did it on purpose ? you could not convince me to buy any extra so you thought you will sneak this in and i will not notice . then when i noticed , you tried to bullshit me that this is the only option for my car.cheaters should go out of business . i hope you do .
seriously just do not do it . had a 11 am appointment and wa told it would be a hour wait . i got comfortable and finished some work . let is just say i waited for close to 5 hour . of course with ton of suggestion totaling almost $ 800 . my quick oil change turned into a day long event and i honestly do not know if they even completed the oil change .
i have been to this midas several time . had brake and tire replaced , and have gotten my oil changed . also came back patch job when i found a nail in my tire . fair , honest and good customer service . recommend arriving early a they get pretty busy during the day .
i always come here for oil change , the worker are very friendly . i am a poor college kid and they are always trying to find me the best deal , thank goodness . i have no complaint !
if you are in the market for a 6 hour oil change i have found the place for you . so this will be my first ever review online . i brought my truck in for a flat tire yesterday and an oil change . i dropped the truck off at 12:36 pm and wa told it would take 2-3 hour . so i left the truck there . at 4:30pm i returned after work thinking it must be complete since it wa 4 hr later . at 5:00pm the front desk guy asked me if i wa also in need a of an oil change ( which i found shocking considering it wa what i brought in for and wa not even started yet . ) 5:15pm i ask how much longer it wa going to take . the front desk clerk said that it should not be much longer . i respond that it wa to be completed almost 2 hour prior . he stated that that they were busy . then he knew how busy they were when i dropped the truck off . so why wa i not told an truthful time of how long it would actually take , so that i could decide if i wanted drop it off or not ? at 5:30 he asked me what if i just wanted the tire in the bed of my truck . i responded that i wanted the tire put back under the truck . for some reason they translated that i wanted the spare tire on the truck and put the chrome tire back under my truck . at this point i am starting to look for the hidden camera , thinking it ha to be some sort of joke . even when i told the clerk that that i had to pick up my daughter after school at 6 they seemed to move even slower . at one put i could see 3 of them gathered around a cell phone . 6:15 pm my truck is finally done . wa charged for full synthetic oil ( even though i never asked for it ) . so in conclusion : doe not value the time of the customerslong drawn out service w/ no sense of urgencybunch of clown . do not waste your time , go some place were they care about getting your car work completed in a timely fashion .
my monday morning hero ! i had a small problem with my truck monday morning and i went to midas because a friend had recommended them . the guy there work fast and could not have been more friendly ! they also keep that garage very clean , which is something i check for if someone is doing work for me.great experience overall .
i have lived in a townhouse that motheral owns for the past year and a half or so . linda ( the property manager who just retired - thank god ) is the worst ! at first she wa nice to u and wa prompt with repair and getting back to u - but towards the end of our lease she became extremely difficult to work with and would not stop bothering u even after she had retired . honestly she need to get a life and stop bothering the tenant who are no longer her responsibility ! ! the only reason i gave them 2 star is because the new property manager seems incredibly nice and i do not want to totally deter everyone just because of linda who wa a bad seed . it is sad because this location is one of the best in shadyside to live - but god forbid you ask for reasonableness when it come to certain issue .
slow service and response . i have lived in one of the apartment motheral inc manage for more than a year . they were irresponsible for repairing facility . our ac wa not working when we moved in , and they told u it doe not matter cuz summer is over and it is still not be repaired now . linda is a quite arrogant woman with bad attitude . always come without prior notice and leave our door open . not recommend .
i am new to the area , and wa referred to motheral apartment by a friend who currently go to school in pittsburgh and lease from motheral . i just ha a tour of a few place and the leasing agent patty wa fantastic , very knowledgeable about the space and about the area in general . apartment were great , very well maintained and a convenient location . shadyside wa not really on my radar of place to live , but after this experience it look like i will be calling shadyside home for a few year !
$ 5 large pizza at night , who doe not love that . and they are not bad . but they deliver and are way better than vocelli is . i have mostly good experience when i go . but once i wa there waiting for a take out pizza alone , and some drunk pitt student were harassing like everyone in the place . to summarize , good pizza and cheap .
i ordered 2 pizza is from here today to take to some friend who are volunteering for the election . everything wa ready in le than 30 min . the pizza wa good - nothing fancy - not too greasy , sauce wa good . i should have ordered the large instead of the medium . i would definitely order from here again .
this is the greasiest pizza i have ever had in pittsburgh , i could not eat it .
some of the best pizza around and great service . i friend turned me on to pizza parma few week back , and we have ordered from there a few time . the pizza is always hot and delivered quickly . i have not had any problem with the pizza being too greasy . huge menu and great service too . they actually messed up my deliver order ( just a side dish ) the other day , and before i even knew it someone brought the right item back to my house . unbelievable service .
provolone stick arrived undercooked , cheese wa fully solid , they tasted okay . the pizza also arrived undercooked , the dough itself wa partially uncooked in the middle . i had to put it back into my own oven to finish it off , and then it wa greasy and just okay .
worst pizza i have had in pittsburgh . i ordered from here last weekend . the pizza ( pepperoni ) had no flavor and the crust wa way too chewy . the buffalo wing were cooked well , and were tender and juicy , but they had almost no sauce on them whatsoever ; luckily i had some wing sauce in my fridge in order to save them . maybe it wa one bad night , and i can give them another chance later , but based on my one experience , i can not recommend this place to anyone .
i order from these guy on campusfood.comthey are pretty good .. i get my order on time and their quality ha been pretty consistenti mostly get thing like hoagy and pizzas.. they are pretty decentthis place is pretty convenient for me when i am working on campus late at night when most other place have shut down .
great hoagy ! i always get the steak deluxe hoagie and my wife get the italian deluxe and then we give each other half of the other one hoagie because we can never decide on with one to get .
ahh , the only place near the train station that is open past 9 pm , is not overpriced and/or full of people who are way too jolly for such an early hour . i got a slice of cheese pizza and onion ring . the pizza wa decent . there wa nothing flavorful about the sauce and the grease would not stop oozing out of the cheese . i felt sick before i got halfway through it . that reminds me - the slice are huge , and are $ 2 . the onion ring were extremely basic - i gave most of them to a couple of drunken girl who debated about what to eat for half an hour.one irritating thing i overheard : a a girl wa trying to place an order , the cashier kept interrupting her to say thing like `` we do not have those anymore '' or `` no , we can not cook wing dry . '' sound like the menu and staff need to be updated .
i had some pizza from pizza parma today during a lunch meeting at work . a colleague brought it in , so i did not pay for it and can not comment on the price . i had a few slice of the pepperoni pizza and found them to be resoundingly average . nothing special , nothing especially good or bad . crust , sauce , cheese , pepperoni , fin . it wa a little greasy , and quite cheesy a well . i wa starving so i really enjoyed it , but i think overall the pizza is pretty generic . still , for a late night slice or if you live nearby and just need to pick up a quick pizza for dinner , i will say go for it . just do not have very high expectation .
pizza parma ha many of the characteristic i like in a pizza joint . 1 ) they deliver when they say they will , 2 ) diverse menu and topping , 3 ) coupon , 4 ) online ordering , and 5 ) take credit card . i think pizza parma shine with their specialty pizza . artichoke , buffalo chicken , spinach & feta , and greek pie are all delicious . i have also had some of their pasta dish , and i can not complain . it is nice to have something other than pizza delivered ; the portion are huge , and they come with bread and a salad . pizza parma fails on wing , though . the texture is unappealing ( aka , flappy chicken skin -- yuk ! ) , and the sauce lack depth . dessert are also not worth the buy .
i like the pizza and the selection of topping . they are reliable . great option for take out food .
this wa one of first pizza place that i have tried inpittsburgh . it wa about 5 year ago . i do not have a clear memory of that time but i have parma pizza phobia ever since ... so go figure ...
i have should have known better than to order a salad from a pizza joint . i also should have known that i should not have cheated on my diet.i figured i will choose today to be my cheat day and order with everyone else at work for take out . i opted for the popcorn chicken salad . sound tasty , looked tasty , and yes it even tasted tasty . iceberg lettuce , grape tomato , cucumber , red onion , french fry , popcorn chicken , and three type of cheese . i have to say that even though i wa saying yes , my body wa saying , 'oh hell no ! 'i am regretting this decision now a i am sitting here in discomfort . not sure what on the salad made me feel this way . but i am not liking the effect i am getting right now . could just be karma turning around and kicking me in the as for eating what looked healthy but wa really nothing more than the equivalent of a fried chicken sandwich combo meal from a fast food joint.i will think twice before the next time roll around to order from here .
good food
three star is super accurate for this place . we decided to do take out from here after walking by it a hundred time after the gym and hearing radio commercial about it from that god forsaken bubba show ( doe that plug raise anyone else is blood pressure ? ? ) our order wa ready in 15 minute ( speedy ! ) and we got a large 1 topping pizza for ~ $ 8 and a side of fry . all together like $ 13 for three people , which is pretty good . a for the pizza , the crust wa crispy and not too thick or thin , and the sauce wa sweet , not seasoned . i prefer a more herby sauce myself , so i wa not wowed by it . the fry were a bit soggy , but tasty . overall , if i were in a pinch i will order from here no problem but it is not a place i will set out to order from because i love it .
pizza parma delivers through grubhub , which is the primary reason i ordered sandwich from them . bbq chicken wa ok . the bread is a little more on the burnt than toasted side , leading it to be dry . the value is good . the 20 '' sandwich wa about $ 11 .
if you find yourself craving pizza on a saturday night , you can not beat $ 9 for a large cheese pizza . i also enjoy the hoagy a they are lightly toasted for a nice crunch.i can not speak for the pasta or appetizer , but the pittsburgh style grilled chicken salad is a dependable choice .
great friendly service and my order wa done fast , which wa amazing since i wa a walk-in . lot of topping piled high but i wish there wa more cheese . they did have small bottle of vanilla coke , which is a rare find these day .
i have to say , i maybe ( /definitely ) had these guy programmed into my phone when i lived over in shadyside . i term this branch `` good ole faithful , '' a they have come to my aid during many time of need , which possibly includes saturday night at 2am ( sorry for having to deal with me , guy ) . the pizza is freakin cheap and pretty damn good , especially for the price . i maybe ( /definitely ) use to call them every monday when they had an extra-large one-topping pizza and an order of bread stick for only 9.99 ... ... 9.99 ! i am not sure that they still run this deal , but i could generally get a large cheese for about 10 buck , and you can not really beat that . not too greasy , just enough but not too much cheese , their pizza ( and actually other food item , which is surprisingly quite extensive ) is better than average and tasty for a night in alone or stumbling in with friend after a night out . i usually just walked over , where is it is perfectly nestled in the shopping center across from mad mex and buffalo blue on s. highland- however , they deliver too- and both option are surprisingly quick . enjoy !
take out and delivery only . good pizza and our go-to for delivery . love the hungry man special- cheese pizza , breadstick , hoagie , and a two liter for $ 23 . pizza is good- cheesy and delicious . i like the sausage pizza here a well . the steak and meatball hoagy are our favorite . service is fast and friendly .
when my boyfriend and i were down with the flu , we ordered some food here through eat24 . i got a chicken noodle soup and he got the seafood calzone . when i unpacked the food and tried a sip of my soup , i found that it wa cold and had bubble in it , a if there wa soap in it . i could not really taste anything , but my boyfriend said it smelled like dishwater . to say the least , i wa disappointed in my soup . when my boyfriend cut into his calzone , he said the cheese wa barely melted . we thought it wa undercooked and touched the outside . it wa cold , a if it wa sitting out in the open for a long time . he tried to take a bite , but the dough wa barely even cooked and the content of the seafood calzone wa cold and tasted sour.this wa our first time ordering from here and it wa such a sad experience to have , since our food wa inedible . i heard this place wa good and had great calzones and tasty soup , but what we received wa the complete opposite from the praise i have heard about this place .
some friend and i ordered a couple of pizza for delivery from here tonight . we will bought a few growler of hard cider from a local establishment , and we were looking for some fuel to help u soak up the booze . my friend suggested getting pizza from here , and i did not object , since i will never had pizza from here before , and i will heard the pizza from here wa consistently decent.the pizza showed up about 45 min . after we ordered it , right about at the time estimated , so no complaint there . a for the pizza itself , it wa solidly a-ok -- nothing special , but nothing horrible , either . it wa a bit on the greasy side , and i could tell from pulling the first piece away from the pie that the crust wa not crispy . biting into my first slice of pepperoni pizza confirmed my suspicion about the floppiness of the crust . a for the flavor , it wa your standard pizza flavor -- again , nothing special , but nothing horrible , either . it wa more greasy than i will like , but not to the point where i felt it necessary to dab off the grease with a napkin ( though i wa tempted to do so ) .as the bottom line , the pizza wa fine for our purpose ( to soak up alcohol ) . it wa better than vocelli is , and about on par with papa john is . i would not go out of my way to order from here again , but i would not object to it , either .
i am not a mean person , not a vindictive person . i bear the friendly people of pizza parma no ill will.but their pizza wa remarkably terrible.went there , hungry , a bit past midnight , looking for a little something before going home to sleep . they do not have slice -- this seems to be a ( terrible , stupefying , egregious ) trend in these part . fine . the smallest pizza , a `` personal '' pie , cost $ 7 and is 7 '' in diameter . the cashier and i agree that that is a very small amount of pizza , and since i am hungrier than one and one half mouthsful , i get a `` small , '' which is 10 '' . i add a mushroom topping . i pay my $ 11.21 and wait.there are two seating option inside the store : a small wooden bench , and two fold up chair around a little table . conveniently , they were using the wooden bench to store a rolled up carpet that laid across the whole thing , and they will also elected to fold up the two folding chair , probably because they were tired from a long day of being used a chair . so i waited outside the store on a bench.the friendly cashier and the friendly patron waiting for their order indoors called me over when my pizza wa ready . i took it outside , sitting in the cold to eat it , thinking , `` i hope this $ 11 pizza is pretty good . '' opened up the box , saw how pitifully small a 10 '' pizza is , and started eating.let me say something about pizza : if you have decent cheese , decent tomato sauce , flour , water , and a hot oven , you can make a passable pizza . i will eat it and think , `` well this is not the best pizza i have ever had but it is fine . '' that is not what i thought when i ate pizza parma is pizza . i thought , `` it would be too rude and insulting to ask for my money back . i will just try to eat a much of this a i can . `` i ate three out of the six `` slice . '' ( one sixth of a 10 '' pizza is a total of *25/6 = 13 square inch . that sound like a lot of pizza , but in fact is a tiny amount of pizza . ) i could not stand to eat more than half . the mushroom were fine ; i fished them out and ate them . the cheese wa actually terrible ; it had a strange chemical taste and plasticky appearance . the crust wa poofy and not crusty.ashamedly , i threw half of a pizza away tonight . folk , i am not a food destroyer . i eat thing i do not like , and expired food , because i do not want to waste . it take a legitimately terrible pizza for me to actually throw the thing away.went home , made some egg , and guess what ? the terrible cheese taste from an hour and a half ago ? it is still in my mouth . i am not making this up.i know there is good pizza around here . ordered two back to back slice at spak brother -- delicious ! tasty ! reasonable price ! but whoaaaaaaa whoa wa this terrible , overexpensive pizza . sheesh .
i ordered 3 extra large pizza for my family and friend who helped me move over the weekend . we were pleasantly surprised that the 3 pie fed all 8 of u ( and some of u twice ! ) . the pizza wa sliced thin , which i personally like , and tasted good a well ! i also liked that the pepperoni were small . i almost forgot.. the delivery man wa really friendly too !
terrible pizza . just plain gross . the crust wa all gummy and the cheese tasted like plastic . i would never order their food again . gross , gross , gross .
this ha been my go-to pizza place for year now -- -i am a fan ! basic quick pizza , but if you do pick-up , it is a great deal . i usually get feta cheese and a veggie and have never been dissatisfied .
i ordered a large pepperoni and gyro . delivery wa quick for a saturday night in the rain . i unwrapped the gyro and wa very happy to see gyro meat that wa freshly sliced ( from an actual spit ) , and pita that wa nicely toasted . pizza parma is tzatziki ( cucumber sauce ) wa a little thin and runny , but the flavor wa good . the pizza wa well composed with small , crisp round of pepperoni evenly covering the surface . the cheese and sauce on the pie wa balanced nicely and not too saucy or cheesy . crust wa quite thin , not too bubbly or voluminous . all in all i wa very pleased with my pizza parma experience . the pizza i had tonight wa tasty and a little above average but the gyro wa a true delight .
we ordered their supreme pizza ( parma pizza ) . it tasted like a frozen pizza , but with le flavor ( which is an impressive feat ) . the crust wa hard and flavorless . we also had the chocolate cake . this wa a mistake . avoid this place at all cost .
how any one could bring themselves to eat here is astounding . the place are dirty , the food is bad , and the price are too high.this is a cookie cutter pizza of low quality , low character , and minimal emphasis on cleanliness.never again ... .
i always order from pizza parma on friday night and receive great service for delivery but this evening i received the wrong order . giving 3 star because the pizza is always good but disappointed in the mix up .
since i am in a bad mood , i figured that i would turn to yelp and write another review about pizza parma ! ! ! you see kid , my last review wa removed , it wa a two star ( ha , now you lose a whole other star , smarty pant turn me inner ) because i spoke about how horrible the pizza wa . how utterly disgusted i wa with it . for your sensitivity , i will be le graphic this time around , okay kiddo ? i spent day on the toilet after eating the pizza . my gut wa a mess and calling a spade a spade , the pizza is overpriced for the quality or lack of quality , that is.the hoagie wa no better . even my six year old thought it wa horrid and that kid almost eats anything . i still recommend eating at other pizza place because i feel it is my yelping duty to save others from a gross , distrusting dining experience . plus , it took forever for u to received said pizza , a if some master mind spent quality time , assuring it is rancidness.whatever . go ahead and turn me into the yelp police for being honest about your bad , awful , terrible pizza !
my friend is about to have a baby , and we have been ordering a ton of pizza for pick-up in shadyside lately . since i have ironed through most of the place in squirrel hill , it is fun to try the other pizza place . maybe my friend and i hit pizza parma on an extra good night , but we thought the pizza wa better than pizza perfecta just down the street . even better , pizza parma ha a parking lot ! we ordered an extra large cheese pizza ( $ 13.99 special ) and an order of breadstick ( $ 4.99 ) , and we were told the pizza would be ready in fifteen minute . they totaled $ 17.10 ( lower than we expected from menu price ) , and i threw a couple dollar in a a tip because the people working at pizza parma were so nice ! the man behind the counter wa so friendly and everyone working here seemed to be happy . plus , our pizza wa ready in ten minute so score.this wa a pretty standard cheese pizza . there wa lot of cheese , which wa great . it wa not overly spiced sauce nor wa the crust special , but we enjoyed the pizza . the breadstick were good , but i would not order them again . they were the circular pizza crust kind , and i prefer the fluffy kind of breadstick . all in all , we will probably keep ordering takeout from here.other reviewer seem to have other story about here , but i suspect they have similiar issue to pizza bellino in squirrel hill . some pizza doe not survive the delivery process very well . this pizza wa not so good once it sat , but it wa yummy fresh out of the oven !
i love there chicken salad yummmm .. and they have good pizza too so when your chilly in the house order up
this may change . and i may also be generous with this review . time will tell ... ordered from here for the first time tonight . i desperately wanted soup ! the lady , who wa delightful , took my order . a small personal pizza , wedding soup and their *crab* bisque . i always do bad then good . both soup were obviously pre made . and actually confirmed by the above delight . crab bisque , actually not bad . but had shit fake crab stick ... wedding soup i could not taste . they were low . and to the credit of the server let me know . i wa offered their chicken noodle a a replacement . it wa junk ... the exact same crap i made the mistake of buying from eat n park a few week ago in a drunken state.now , the pizza ! it wa really good ! the crust wa light and flaky , sauce wa tasty too ! i will definitely come back for the pizza ! i am new to this area . pizza perfecta wa the spot i will read about . but honestly , after trying both . this place is much better for za .
when i wa a kid my mom took all 6 of u here ( ten year ago ) . because of that fact i choose this place a an adult . it wa aweful ! my appointment wa at 8:30 am , i wa on time . i sat in the waiting room until 9 am . when i asked when i would be seen they seemed to think i wa already seen ! i waited 30 min in the lobby . not cool !
i randomly selected this place from my insurance is list of provider for an exam and new glass . i am glad i did not read the lone one-star review on here before i made the appointment . it took about ten minute after i showed up to be seen . all of the woman there were very courteous and the one who helped me pick out frame wa just awesome . the doctor who gave me my exam wa also super polite and personable , and seemed much more knowledgeable than my last eye doctor . the on-street parking can be tricky , depending on when you go , but this wa definitely a positive experience and deserving of a five-star review .
the last time i wa here must have been an off day ( my previous review gave this place one star ) my appt wa at 9am i wa home by 9:30 . the receptionist wa very nice a well a the doctor . i wa in and out so fast . i have been going to this doctor since i wa a kid and i will continue to go .
terrific eye doctor ! their hour are odd ( they differ from when an eye doctor is available ) , but the eye doctor got me in and out in under 30 minute . ordered my contact and eyeglass quickly and efficiently too.the only negative would be they mischarges me my copays . i will have to fix that the next time i am in .
i enjoyed my appointment here and would definitely recommend this office . the staff and the optometrist were incredibly friendly and efficient . their excellent care wa in spite of the fact that , the evening before my appointment , they will had a break-in , and were still cleaning up broken glass just a couple hour before i came in ! i wa in and out within just 30 minute for my eye exam .
the appointment wa rushed and they did not seem to take one of my vision concern seriously . i would not go back here , especially with so many option for eye doctor in the area .
this place is bright and clean and i have seen staff taking care of machine every time i have been there ( different times/different day ) so i imagine it is well maintained in general . love that there are bus stop directly in front of and across the street and that this is a 24-hour place . i usually spend $ 7.50 every 2 weeks* though i could probably get away with using the single load machine and a few minute le in the dryer . i especially appreciate the good spin cycle from these washer a that mean le time it ha to be in the dryer ! around here , you can walk around the 'hood while waiting for your cycle to finish ( pizza place , convenience store , coffee/ice cream shop next door , border is bookstore down the block , more shop on ellsworth nearby ) *i am a female doing laundry for 1 so it take a while to have enough for separate whites/color load . i have also been to the laundry factory a few block away and i prefer econowash over the laundry factory .
i came here based on a positive yelp review . i experienced a totally different laundromat than that reviewer . the place is dingy , bordering on dirty , and poorly organized . the machine wobble and make a lot of noise and the customer seem really kind of hostile and aggressive -- i can see why , especially if this is the only laundromat available to you . i would only come here again if i have no other choice !
i wa all set to want to give this place 3 star simply because another laundry place put me in a bind and this place wa open 24 hr . i thought the late hour alone should give it a star . then i had this experience -- poor ventilation i could barely breath it cramped and small with dryer and washer lining two narrow corridor . -- -- misleading advertising it boast `` high capacity '' washer an say it air conditioned , well the air conditioner and vent in the ceiling both were dripping in black dust and look like they were installed in 1963. which might have been why i felt an instant asthma attack coming on . then the high capacity washer were all of 2 ... . not great enough to meet demand a it turn out one girl took up both of them while i wa waiting . then another woman waited for hers to wash and took up two again this wa at 1030-11:00 pm at night so i can only imagine what it like to try and get one at other hour . then there wa this guy i guess he wa an attendant or the owner , he wa wiping down the machine and dryer . i wa moving my clothes out of the dryer and i had put my bra hanger and a few shirt on top of my washer . i wa literally loading right in the same area and wa heading back to grab my thing when he touched them ! ! ugh laundry violation ya do not touch someone is wet clothes it feel like that time in college when someone would mess with you and dump your clothes behind the washer if you did not move them out quickly enough . sooo that pissed me off ... ... but i have to get the job done so i load up my clothes . i come back in to check on drying clothes ... . and what do i find but my dryer mysteriously switched from high heat to low heat . now i am forced to put in another quarter to finish my load . all in all i spent 8 $ at the econowash for 2 large load i wa not able to do my third load in the washer he had for under that . i can do that much at laundry factory around the corner though . so i will be going there . i do not need a creepy dude changing my dryer setting and touching my stuff .
so , unfortunately i have had to outsource my laundry-doing in the last couple of week because the dryer in my building ha broken down and my not-so-prudent landlord ha not been helpful at all in repair ( ugh ! ! ) . twice in the last two week , i have washed load of laundry late at night and discovered my dryer ha not worked . it is really great to know that this place is right down the street and is open 24/7 , especially when the laundry factory down the street close at about 9pm ( which in general i much prefer to this place ) . but for convenience-sake , i appreciate this place . on the con list , it is not incredibly clean and i have used dryer that simply do not work here .
i made an account for several reason : mostly because i have been meaning to , but partially because this place is getting a bad rep here.if you are looking for a fancy laundromat , a place to hang out , or a place to put your clothes in and leave for an hour , this is not the place for you.if you are looking for a laundromat with machine that work just fine , low price by comparison to other local laundromat , and timely removal , this is the place for you.for me , i like to put my clothes into the washer ( minimum 2.25 for the top loader , 2.75 for greater capacity although it is rarely necessary ) , start them up , and go next door to the turkish convenience store . grab a coke , go back to the laundromat , sit down with a book and read . 28 minute go by , the machine beep , and i move the clothes to the dryer . throw three quarter in there and dry on high , and they are done in a little over 20 minute . in total , a week is worth of laundry cost about 3 buck , maybe 3.25 if you like your clothes scorching hot out of the dryer.the machine are always clean when i go , and there is a parking lot in the back . do your business , get out in under an hour.yes , the walkway is a little narrow between the machine , but that help when you are transferring clothes . the floor are not the cleanest , but you are not there for floor . there is an atm inside and a change machine that is always worked for me . no bathroom , unfortunately , so i can not give it five star , but everything else is in great order.it is in a convenient location , it is cheap , and it get the job done . get in , get out . if you are looking for more , why ?
believe it or not , this whole food is actually one of the most successful one . the location is strange , but it is pretty central for most of the yuppier area of pittsburgh , and it is the only one in the pittsburgh area . just for that , they get 5 star .
i think the only thing i appreciate about whole food is entering the store and seeing their fresh cut flower . let is see why ... ..i attempt to drive to whole food only to be caught in a line of 5-6 car attempting to get into the parking lot . ( i guess i am not cool enough to ride pat transit from the south pittsburgh home ) . when i find a place to park , after the lexus suv ( ha ! ) pull out , i find that they did not put their cart back . so i enter the store and admire how their design is very appealing to the eye ( how do organic orange get so round and so orange ) and everything is stacked so neatly . then i read that a pound of these orange are $ 1.99 ... then i go to the meat section , which i do not even eat , to find that the price are double those of trader joe is or even market district ( see future review ) . so i walk around and debate to see if i should buy clif bar and naked juice ( which happens to be on sale ) because lord know i do not need bulk-blanched-almonds . but then i decide to buy `` fresh '' chunky peanut butter because it would be fun to try . ( when i get home later , however , i bought valencia peanut butter , whatever the hell that is , and can not stomach it . gimmie my jif . ) so while i am waiting in line , i see the bike ( those rebellious urbanites moved from quiet storm ) and wonder if my money is better spent elsewhere . regardless , i whole-heartedly ( no pun intended ) support organic and sustainable farming , but i will rather go to the farmer is market or drive a bit further out of the city to go somewhere real to buy my `` whole food '' . and at least i put my cart back .
this place is a god-sent for a california girl like me . and kudos to them for not being `` afraid '' of east liberty.prices are important , but i care more about what i put in my body . so i get my special need stuff here , and my basic elsewhere . i can not ding them for cost because you pay for quality . but if cheap costing food matter more than lard , transfats , or hormone found within it , you can always just shop at that other store down the street ... .there is a nice sized cafe area , and plenty of space for bikers to park . cheer to them for friendly & knowledgeable staff and customer discount for bringing your own bags.true , the parking lot is a mess , but i attribute that more to : a ) people not knowing how to drive . because you can drive to the back of the parking lot , park , and get inside in half the time it take to sit in line like a moron who doe not understand how to drive around a car waiting to park ... . andb ) pittsburgh is lack of urban planning ... because it make sooooo much sense to put an entering & exiting driveway 25 foot away from a three-way intersection on a two lane street . beautiful .
i like whole food . but if you can help it , do not go on the weekend . it is a complete zoo on the weekend . do not even bother going there on monday , bec . so much of it is picked cleaned by the locust hoard that come in from the outlying suburb . at first i wa a bit sceptical about whole food w/ it apt nickname `` whole paycheck . '' however not everything is super expensive and some thing are cheaper than giant eagle or trader joes . i really love their 365 brand and i am just resigned to not being able to buy everything i want at one grocery store . eg . i would love it if whole food sold non-frozen ezekiel is bread . i actually buy a lot of basic here and some of them end up being cheaper than trader joe is or giant eagle.things i always buy at whole food and no where else , bec . i have found it way better in price/quality : -365 brand tofu ( much better that trader joe is tofu that ha weird texture ) -365 brand dried beans/canned beans-365 brand butter ( no bst ) -365 brand edamame ( is far better than trader joe is edamame which ha a strange smell ) .-365 brand whole wheat flourof course i prefer trader joe is for their peanut butter ( bec . it ha no salt ) and ezekiel is bread . and i do end up buying their coffee , bec . it is slightly cheaper than the allegro coffee at whole food . however , the allegro ethiopian harrar is quite good .
the bakery is delish ! cake , bread , you name it ... it is all good . bread is from a local . cake are fresh , not loaded w/ a ton of sugar , and buttercream is buttercream , not a wannabe . i can not believe how jam packed it get - crazy !
i recently visited whole food for the first time in my life , and i wa pleasantly surprised . i wa particularly shocked by the price -- not because they are worthy of the `` whole paycheck '' nickname , but because they are surprisingly low . perhaps the nickname wa developed by people who will previously only shopped at cheap-o supermarkets.i like the well-stocked salad bar and dining area , and so doe the rest of pittsburgh , apparently . half the city wa assembling salad during my last visit . vegan item are clearly marked a such , and everything is fresh .
i do not know , maybe i am not clear on the concept of whole food . do not get me wrong , there is nothing really wrong with shopping at whole food . whole food doe have wonderful merchandise , but ... i have found that i can buy a lot of the same organic thing and environmentally safe cleaner at giant eagle for less.thier wine and beer selection , supposedly quite remarkable in other state , well remember , this is pennsylvania . you can not buy those thing at the grocery store . i can get just a good quality meat and produce in the strip district . sometimes , even better quality.i guess the benefit of whole food is that you can find a lot under one roof and do not have to spend a lot of time and gas going to different store . i am not slamming whole food at all , but i actually like trader joe is better .
i loved whole food in ohio . it wa calm and quiet and had lot of pretty organic produce.here ? well , first of all , the parking lot is a death-trap full of upscale suv who have no idea how to drive courteously . ( a few pointer : use your turn signal , wait your turn , drive slowly in a parking lot , and put your cart back ! ) my blood pressure skyrocket the second i even try to pull in here.secondly , the whole store seems weirdly dark . i do not know if it is the high , exposed-ductwork ceiling or what , but it is depressing.thirdly , they offer plenty of bulk bean and nut , but few variety of rice . there are a few good point , though . the sushi ( at least the vegetarian variety ) are good , and the dessert are delicious and beautiful . the salad bar and prepared food always look good , and the staff is friendly . but i still try to avoid whole food a much a possible simply because of the insane parking lot .
everybody , chill out . this is a trendy place to shop , yes , but it also ha better price on some thing than giant eagle or trader joe is ( gasp ! ) . i split my time between here , giant eagle and trader joe is pretty evenly , depending on what specialty item i might need.oh yeah , do not drive here . walk , ride your bike or take the bus . if you are really smart , you will avoid the headache and park on one of the many adjacent side street .
ah ! i am never shopping anywhere else for grocery ever again ( except if i want like ketchup and bologna and stuff -- then i will have to go to giant eagle . ) but , after coming from the middle of nowhere midwest , i can not tell you how good it feel to see cheese and meat in the grocery store that i actually want to eat . ah !
whole paycheck is a fitting name.this whole food is decent for regular item but their prepared food price have gotten really high a of late . i used to shop here for almost everything but their common product can now be had at almost any other grocery store for less.whole food had it is day a a unique place to shop with hard to find organic produce and product . now it is just more expensive .
i always used to avoid whole food because i thought it wa way more expensive than giant eagle or trader joe is . i recently moved to a new apartment and made a quick run to whole food to stock up on grocery . it is now the closest grocery store to me , so i figured , why not just this once ? there wa ton of interesting looking stuff , and i found myself getting carried away and filling up my cart way more than i had intended . i braced myself for the total in the checkout line and wa pleasantly surprised when it wa not much more than i typically spend at giant eagle . on top of that , the produce stayed fresh for way longer than ge is typically doe ! from now on i am going to stick with wf for all my fresh produce need ( along with a few other specialty item -- some of their frozen indian food is surprisingly good ) , but i will still go to ge for my everyday grocery shopping.sure , their parking lot is a madhouse , but so is the market district is .
compared to other whole food location , this one is tiny ! for comparison , the whole food in la vega must be at least three time the size . still , it is nice to have and it is pretty decent overall albeit pricey .
hello ! i work pretty close to whole food so i frequent it about 3-4 time a week for lunch . if you are there m-f between 12-1 , you can find me in the salad/bread area ( on the north end ) . compared to other whole food i have been to , i would actually rate it a 3 but considering i do not know of any other whole food around , i thought it is my duty to those that do not know about whole food a chance to give it a try . if the zucchini at market district looked a little weak , give whole food a try . plus their pre-made food is actually yummy.i am able to keep my lunch on a budget by only buying lettuce and chicken from the salad bar ( typically under 1/2 pound ) . i stash dressing , cranberry , and cheese in my office . i have tried buying the bag of pre-washed lettuce but i never finish them and i hate seeing them go bad . $ 3 lunch is not bad at all.other note : the tofu chicken is really good ( part of the salad bar ) ! it is not always available though . also , none of their bread variety impress me . i like their sushi roll . if i could afford $ 8/day lunch , i will probably have it everyday . i will give their cashier 5 star . = )
i used to think that whole food wa too expensive and only for vegetarian . boy wa i wrong ! i freaking love this place . they have everything from fresh meat , cheese , fruit , produce and so much more . their cake and other desert are utterly amazing . this is also where i fell in love with naked juice . they are delicious . the only thing i do not like is that parking is a bitch at time .
3.5 star , actually . would be 4 but i had to knock off half a star because of the parking situation . the lot suck , i used to work at whole food and i can not recall how many time i almost got hit by a car when retrieving cart . i am one of the lucky one , i know of a few people who were not so lucky . i am a huge fan of the salad and hot bar - not a fan of the price though . to be fair , i can only blame myself for ending up with an $ 11 salad ( but everything is so good and actually fresh i can not stop myself from piling it on ) . the prepared sandwich is are pretty awesome too and if you go after 9p , they are buy 1 get 1 . i now work with a lot of child on special diet and i have no problem finding lot of gfcf treat for them here . grocery range from expensive to moderate depending on the brand . the wfm is 365 line is an excellent bargain . the bakery is full of tasty treat . you have got ta try the pumpkin pumpkin pie , though i believe it is only available around the holiday . the whole store get crazy busy on and around holiday .
worst parking lot in pittsburgh . bring popcorn to watch middle-aged , self-important mouth breather gun their bmws at one another to illegally park in the handicapped spot .if one did not know better , one could mistake the parking lot drama for a permanent , outdoor performance art installation ( allbeit an extraordinarily douchey one ) . snotty clientele , over priced prepared item , no longer have a monopoly on any product in pittsburgh . that being said , they do have a great selection of produce , probably the best in pittsburgh , but you will pay dearly for it . 1 very large , organic , honeycrisp apple you ask ? try $ 5 , for real . if you want to sum up whole food , just remember it is a place where you can literally spend $ 5 on an apple . also , the ceo john mackey voted for mitt romney ( http : //www.nytimes.com/2013/01/20/magazine/john-mackey-the-kale-king.html ? _r=0 ) , so if you think you are shopping in a mecca of neo-progressive , pre-utopian bliss , think again . waste of time and money overall .
great selection of vegan , vegetarian , raw milk , prepared food , bakery , cheese and aged beef . very expensive , trader joe is and market district come to mind a a cheaper alternative . parking at this particular store is a nightmare .
my next stop today wa whole food to replenish my vitamin . i really hate coming here . it is always packed and people drive like humongous idiot ! i quickly grabbed my blood builder , biotin , and vitamin c. i tried to walk around and check out the hot food , sushi , and anything i might like for lunch but i felt like i wa at a crowded concert hall ! people were bumping into me right to left ! if i stopped to ponder in one spot someone wa on my as staring me down . sooo not in the mood so i hurried up and got out . while pulling out of my parking spot two driver who wanted my spot basically blocked me in fighting for it , and the one lady started pulling back and nearly hit my car . oh no way ! i decided that my usual neighborhood store would not fail me , so to co op i drove ... fast ! ha ha just looked over my review . it sound bad but i have to give prop for my vitamin selection craze !
i find it really easy to save money at whole food . did you know that you can stack a whole food coupon with a manufacturer is coupon ? if you google `` whole food deal , '' you will find a whole slew of couponing blog that tell you where to find the coupon . most are available online too , so no worrying if you can find the coupon section from last month is sunday paper.i do not find their price that outrageous compared to other store in the area for the thing i shop for . the 365 brand is a good value and oh , do i love the bulk bins.this store barely compare to the whole food in other city , but it a start ! i do not get here a often a i like since i am in the south hill . however , when i do go , i try to get here before 10 a.m. on a weekend to avoid the parking lot craziness .
everything is a cluster . the store . the parking lot . the people -- customer included . full-on cluster . barely any parking for a massive , heavily polluting pick up truck.inside : avocado are the price of gold , and there are no goddamn vegan taco spice at a place that is supposed to be so fancy . meh . go to market district where they keep it real . real classy ! ! !
i like this whole food for the most part . price can be so so , but the selection for unique item is great ! however , a lot of the organic item can now be found at many giant eagle for much le expense .
this place get five star a it really is the only place in pittsburgh that i can get the same veggie selection that i can out in seattle . without this whole food i would be an unhappy camper ... i am specifically talking about the magic that is field roast vegan grain 'meat ' . yes , it is generally more expensive but what do you expect ? they are a specialty store . they have a great deli and an outstanding selection of baked good . it is an oasis for someone like me .
mean customer -aloof workers+good food = crazy ! official rant of an angry woman : first off - i shop at `` whole paycheck '' cause my household eats organic and whether i like it or not wf ha the best organic food price in my neck of the wood . it is still god damn ridiculous expensive but i take my family unit nutrition and health seriously ! word ! ! downhill from here ... the customer and parking lot are more bat shit crazy than mental hospital i have worked at ! i have watched more rich bitch elderly woman nearly murder pedestrian and crash into car trying to park their lincoln continentals in that parking lot than i will ever care to witness ! also - i am a mother with a young child and have been shoved by above mentioned rich bitch while reaching for product out of the freezer case with my child in my arm ! i briefly entertained shanking said bitch but ala prison orange is not in my color wheel ! the customer are the worst human being on earth ( : :thinks about self , shake head , laugh ... except me of course : : ) . you know who you are shadyside hag ! you treat the employee like dog - like one level above dirt . if i worked there i would hang myself in the cheese section ! the customer are the worst cross section of pittsburghers ever ! ! ! that said- i understand why the employee are like stunned fish - keeping thing close to the vest so that rich bitch shadyside monster do not feast on their flesh in fit of rage ! but i would like to point out ... one female cashier who shall remain nameless shit on me and treated me like a tree killing whore when i handed her one internet print out coupon on a single sheet of computer paper - she rolled her eye and painstakingly tore my coupon out of the paper and then folded the unused paper and placed it in her pocket ! i am a tree hugger getting judged by a tree hugger ! fukisuma you ! i am a mom trying to do right for my family - feed them healthy -go to hell ! if you see a woman and child dressed like rambo and baby rambo running through wf screaming and wielding gallon of milk - it is me trying to survive another trip to whole paycheck hell !
yes i am a fan and yes i am shadyside yuppie . judge me if you want . i love everything about wf and it is my go-to grocery store . i try not to give my business to ge . wf is hot bar ha fed me many many dinner , in exchange for money of course . however , that is what i call money well spent . i agree with the other reviewer that the parking lot can be a little crazy , but i live around here , and it is the norm . i am just glad that there is a huge double decker parking lot . also , you can always park farther away and not have to deal with the mess . it is good for health ! the produce is fresh and for regular grocery you have a wide variety of healthy choice . the cherry on top is that the staff is always friendly , super helpful and happy !
what is the most dangerous area in pittsburgh -- the hill district ? homewood ? garfield ? wrong . it is the whole food parking lot . since i drive a mini cooper , it is considerably easier for me to zip around and dodge the lexus suv that fly at you from every angle in this jungle of a parking lot , but i am not sure how you people with normal-sized car do it . compounding the problem are the abandoned shopping cart rolling about and sometimes filling the already-limited parking space , thanks to the shortage of shopping cart corral . cold and tired , i found myself seriously considering abandoning my cart when i noticed that the nearest corral wa on the other side of the lot . do not worry , i did not succumb to the temptation , but judging by the state of the parking lot , i think i am in the minority.if you actually make it into the store without any physical injury ( you will be psychologically scarred , trust ) , there is definitely some good stuff to be had . a others have noted , the store is really small , causing the selection to be le than extensive . it is also too crowded . i like to spend a lot time in the grocery store checking out what is new and reading label and such , but i feel awkward doing that when there is a swarm of soccer mom lurking over my shoulder and zigging and zagging all over the goddamn place . anyway ... some note on various departments:1 . the produce here immediately stand out -- it look so much more appetizing and fresh than at giant eagle . even the bagged salad green are more vibrant . unfortunately , it is a tradeoff for the smaller selection of produce , but they have all the basic covered.2 . this past trip wa the first time i bought meat from whole food , and the cut were noticably neater and more consistent than at ge . not sure if this is a regular thing , but they did not have any filet mignon ( i know , i am high maintenance . i am worth it ! ) .3 . the cheese department ! i like how ge market district organizes their cheese a little better , but whole food ha a much more interesting and varied selection.5 . the food bar is hit or miss . some day it is the best thing ever , other day not so much . the sushi is gross . i always seem to forget this and try it over and over again with the same fishy , mealy result . do not be stupid like me , avoid it.6 . market district recently got rid of a lot of their natural & organic chip selection in favor of more varities of their store brand . thankfully , whole food ha everything ge used to have and more , which totally make the extra shopping trip worth it . if you are a fat kid like me , that is ... i do not come here for everything , but there are definitely some advantage here . plus , the price here are not that much worse than market district in most case . and i have no idea how i just wrote so much about whole food ?
i have a soft spot for whole food . i think it get a bad rap , which i think is largely unfair . i love food , and i know that sometimes thing are legitimately `` overpriced , '' but just because something is expensive doe not mean it is not worth the cost . so i do not believe in rating whole food low just because their organic produce , ethically raised meat , and super hard-to-find ethnic ingredient cost money . nice thing cost money.this is not one of the glorious mecca - the whole food in lincoln park in chicago is definitely one of those - but this one is all right . pretty decent produce selection , and they always have some fun , mysterious find . i like their seasonal treat like meyer lemon , and their well-priced organic local produce throughout the summer . small fish and meat counter , but the quality is excellent . my coworkers love the soup , and we all really enjoy the salad bar . i love that i can find really unusual thing here - their asian section is small , but they always seem to have what i need . and the price on the whole food store brand are really not that bad ! seriously , like a can of bean will only set you back 99 cent , not that different from your giant eagle . you can find affordable product here if you take the time.i wish their bulk section wa bigger , and i wish they had bulk spice because those make my life amazing . whole food is like , where i want to do all my shopping when i grow up . i hate shopping at giant eagle , because there is no love and respect for the product . it is just crap , and overpriced crap spilling out of the aisle , begging for your attention . whole food ha a lot of specialty product , made and sold by people who love to eat , and love to cook . there is respect for the ingredient here . to me , that is the best sign of a good grocery store.if you do not have a lot of cash , like me , then it is good to only shop here when you need to ( like for a weird cut of meat , some kind of unusual hot pepper or mushroom , flavored oil , rare cheese ) . every time you come , buy something new , just for fun . there are so many surprise here ! i just wish it wa bigger.and yes , the parking lot is small and crowded , but like - so what ? park in the back and walk a few extra foot . it is not a big deal .
having just moved from austin , where the original whole food is located , i am not going to actually `` review '' this place for it selection or quality of food . cuz let is face it , how could i seriously compare this location to the original , gigantic , amazing , fresh , wonderful , healthy , gorgeous whole food in austin ? instead , i will limit myself on reviewing the ever so friendly staff and parking lot . first , the employee . i have been to several whole food around the country and i always got the impression that whole food pride itself on customer service . maybe this place is the exception ? i wa shopping here yesterday and a lady kindly asked an employee if she could squeeze in behind his veggie cart to grab something . the employee actually had the audacity to say , `` when i am done '' . and he did just that . he finished stocking his fruit and veggie and when he moved his cart and the lady thanked him , he did not say a word . also , the lady bagging my grocery did not say one word to me . not when i said hello . not when i said thank you . not even an `` ok '' when i said have a nice day . she did not even smile at me ! where is the love ? actually , where are your manner ? i do not need you to love me , but do not be rude or ignore me . second , the parking lot . i am pretty sure this is the only whole food in all of pittsburgh . however , the parking lot seems to be built for pittsburgh , population : 50 . it is a small lot - good luck finding a spot without creepily following someone to their car and fighting an suv for the spot . luckily , i have never truly had a problem parking because i go at off time and park farther away . but i am suspecting one of these day i will come out and find my car dented or scratched . maybe by a car , maybe by a shopping cart ... ... maybe by the lady who wa bagging my grocery yesterday ... .so two star docked for the above mentioned . other than that , i will keep shopping here - after all , it is not like i have another choice when it come to the whole food of pittsburgh .
oh whole food , you are so so very overpriced . i so so wish you were not , because i love the idea of the place . but i just can not bring myself to do my normal grocery shopping here . i can not bring myself to spend the big buck ! the place is always packed and you are usually left bumping into people left and right . you may even get a nasty look , yikes ! the parking is atrocious , with only probably only 75 spot for a pretty popular store . and have fun just getting into the parking lot from centre . okay , i am going to a negative place right now ... .i stop in here one a whim when i am out in the area if i am really craving sushi , because it is way better than the giant eagle is sushi down the street . it is still not he best fast sushi ( giant eagle waterfront ) , but it doe the job . again , they are almost $ 3 more than at ge . when i run in to grab sushi and usually ad odwalla by bill come to almost $ 20 ! i will rather eat a fast meal at qdoba ... sorry ... i said it ! my feeling can best be summed up with this ... .http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=2ufc1pr2yuu
the parking lot @ this wholefoods is an abomination ! to compound the issue , whole food allows their purveyor to park on centre ave ( a road that is already miserable enough to drive on ) and block traffic . this past monday , a shearer potato chip truck wa blocking the right lane . doe not whole food have a loading dock ? i wrote an email to the district president and he had one of his store minion respond : `` you can park @ walgreens '' . sorry , i am shopping @ wholefoods not walgreens . translation : whole food developer were too cheap to buy the proper amount of real estate . dont even bother coming here fri-sun unless you like a clusterf*** lot full of zombie . this is the 5th wf i have shopped @ ( 4 in florida ) wholefoods should have opened in the south hill . the demographic out there would support it . this wholefoods is bush league !
short and sweet , and a a haiku.parking is awfulno wine , but that is pa is faultbest organic food
i like this whole food location . i will tell you why.many yelpers have docked star for the parking lot . i think that is irrelevant . the parking lot , which is actually shared by starbucks , wine & spirit , walgreens , pnc , and more is two level and is enormous ! walk a little . you can even take your cart up the elevator.the pittsburgh location is not a superstore . other whole food have a restaurant , brick oven pizza , smoothie bar , coffee bar , many more food bar , wine , beer , and so forth . this is a teeny weeny whole food . for it size , the selection is pretty impressive . for example , my mom saw something on dr. oz called lingonberry jam and asked if i would look for it , and there it wa . never heard of it before , but they had it . whole food ha that `` whole paycheck '' reputation . granted , this is true if you are spending your whole paycheck on rare , gourmet , specialty food ! if that is the case , you might want to rein in your spending a little . i actually took a notebook to trader joe is , giant eagle , and whole food when i first moved to pittsburgh to compare price . giant eagle ( greenfield location ) wa the most expensive by an overwhelming margin ! trader joe is wa the best value overall , but whole food wa very close , and sometimes a little better quality might be worth it . their 365 brand is especially reasonable for your regular grocery staples.as for the occasional splurge , this is a good place to try something different . i admit it is hard not to get something extra , but i know i can only blame that final total on myself !
i am a big fan of the whole food company in general . the store back home ( omaha ) had a wine bar , espresso bar , gelato , sushi and udon stand , a giant cheese counter where you could sample ... i could go on.the pittsburgh whole food is small , and almost a overcrowded a it parking lot . two-thirds of the time they are out of what i came for . i am sorry , but if i am paying that much for grocery , i want a stellar shopping experience . this wf is mediocre at best .
i am in walking distance , which make it my primary place to shop for food , and to crown myself a le duchess . : - ) i also do not have to battle the suv soldier looking for prime parking spot - because those people are cut-throat and will most surely kill you ( but seriously - they will . i have been brushed on the leg and knee multiple time by cut-throat driver in that parking lot . i believe they would park inside the store if they could ) .i do not complain about the price , because the food , and health benefit , are worth it in the long-term . not so long ago , i wa forking out hundred of dollar a month in prescription medication because my diet wa horrible . since making the decision over two year ago to be more active and eat solely organic and non-gmo , i am off all of my medication , and the price of organic food is nothing compared to medication and prescription . i am actually saving money . and no , i do not even make $ 20k a year - so it is all about choice . i am not `` rich '' at all , like most people assume , since i regularly shop there . in fact , i am usually dead broke . but to me , eating whole and healthy and protecting my body is not a luxury , it is a necessity.i also like that there is no pharmacy in whole food . that should say something.my love for whole food resides in the organic salad bar , and prepared food section . their salad bar is so fresh and so delicious , that eating salad anywhere else becomes tasteless . organic make all the difference.my favorite prepared food is their vegan general tso is `` chicken '' . little popcorn nugget of seitan , drenched in the best general tso is sauce i have ever tasted , with steamed broccoli . molly is sesame noodle on the salad bar is our favorite side dish to this prepared food treat . i swear we eat it at least once a week.we also love their bulk section where we can get bulk quinoa , granola , lentil , and all kind of thing for a really decent price . the secret to shopping at whole food ? buy what you need to eat that day . it is not smart to bulk shop organic produce , because it go bad faster . buy what you know you are going to eat . you will not see 10/ $ 10 deal , because the food is not crap , and you are not supposed to stockpile fresh food . you are supposed to eat it when it is fresh . and buy your dry stock at trader joe is or the east end food co-op.i love whole food . it is the reason we chose to move to shadyside .
parking is tough , the food selection is great , and if you call ahead they will set aside awesome moving box for you .
i have tried whole food recently even after hearing about the attitude of the butthole , hipster employee and presumptuous , bourgeois customer that will literally push you aside a turn their nose up at you a million time . the rumor were true ! ! ! even though i wa only there one time , first impression are a bitch ! the selection is great ! i can not afford any of it , but it is great ! i have never seen such expensive rice ! here is the bro-down ... the food : plentiful and too expensive to even think of buying . the freshest fish that is not in the strip ... but you need to take a second mortgage to buy fish for a family . i bought sushi rice , a piece of fish and a salad , my bill : $ 25 ! the salad with lettuce , carrot , chick pea , onion and about 5 piece of chicken wa $ 11+the employee : hipster with thick-rimmed glass , tattoo and facial piercings that slack like i have never seen `` worker '' slack before . in fact there wa a sign above some fresh fish stating `` we will prepare you fish any way you want , just ask '' ha ... ha ! when i asked to have a tiny fish to be filleted ( something that would take me about 10 second at home ) i wa scoffed at by the so called fish monger who wa obviously not a trained fish monger , but got his job because of his progressive music of the soviet era bachelor degree . it took him the better part of 20 minute to fillet a f-ing fish ! all i got wa a chopped up piece of crap that wa useless . and scoffing is what these people are good at . pushing your cart down the aisle is like running a scoffing gauntlet . staff huff and puff when you get in their way ? ! the cashier just stand and talk to each other or run to get organic iced tea to drink while they ring you up ... they do not even do that at giant eagle ! the other customer : this one is a peach ! if you are not pulling in a good $ 60k a year you are dirt to these people . i wa at the salad bar ( it is a good salad bar , but expensive ) an older woman in a mink coat bumped , no , pushed into me then stared at me and turned her nose up at me , can you believe it ? she actually turned her nose up at me ! others in the aisle will grunt like cantankerous old people if they can not get through . they push ahead in line , give you dirty look , and act like it is a class struggle ... it kind of is ! so unless you have a lot ( i mean a lot ) of disposable income , have never needed to use coupon , drive a $ 50k car ( parking is terrible there ) , are the president of the united state , ceo of microsoft , a widow whose wardrobe is more extensive than the explanation of the formula explaining an event horizon or a hipster who look poor , but life off daddy and mommy ( though they will never admit it ) you should not and really will not be able to afford this place ... but why would you want to ? i will stick with trader joe is for my alternative market , thank you ! i prefer employee with edge that are a little rough to one with pant so tight , i can see their junk .
i love the large selection and variety of unique and healthier food that whole food provides . the amount of different nut mix and flax-like snack amazes me . not to mention , the amount of fresh prepared food that can be gathered is awesome . they have special for the day that will help you buy some of the fresh and prepared food they provide . i can not wait to come by again when i know i am going straight home after so i can buy some refrigerated item !
i always thought 1-star review on yelp were written by bitter , resentful people who had nothing better to do than just complain . but now i feel their pain . it really doe not hit you , until it ... hit you.you pay a premium at wf , you expect a premium , right ? well parking is part of the shopping experience . it is why they have parking lot in the first place . but never mind the atrocious parking lot and not being able to easily maneuver in it.i am talking about being towed . towed , not for leaving the parking lot , but for legitimately shopping at wf . yes , this could happen to you too.upon contacting the towing company , they demanded $ 135 ( cash only ) to return my vehicle . upon contacting wf ( since i wa a legitimate shopper there and did not leave the lot ) they just shrugged their shoulder and just told me the name of the company that managed the lot.and that is it ? ! $ 135 is no chump change , but it seems like wf want me to carry an extra $ 135 every time i frequent them ( thankfully , never , since i do not live in pittsburgh ) . this whole parking/towing situation is extremely shady , but the only company i am going to point my finger at is whole food for doing business with such a shady complex and passing the burden on to it customers.tip : bring an extra $ 135 to pay for parking , or just go to trader joe's/giant eagle for a better parking/shopping experience .
i love the concept of whole food , but a everyone know it is pretty pricy . hence it is nickname , `` whole paycheck . '' nevertheless , always great organic produce . the seafood and meat here are also the best . however , this place is always packed . be prepared to be bumping into people and feel a little claustrophobic . the parking lot can be quite tricky a well , a it can become completely full . they really need to add another location in the city of pittsburgh to take some stress off of this one .
this review is for the buffet at whole food . overall , it is good , and there are lot of great option . the food seems fresh and it is a good place to get a quick , healthy lunch on-the-go . i went with a friend and we spent a little over $ 20 on lunch for the 2 of u , which seems a little high for what it is , but i think we must have just gotten a lot of food because $ 7.99/lb is fair . plus it is hard to get lunch for any le than that these day without eating fast food .
forget you giant eagle , giggle , market crap etc . whole food get a bad rap a being `` expensive '' and yes i agree there are some very ridiculously expensive thing in there , but this is where you ignore them and get your basic essential . they are always running special , and you can get some good deal . if you actually try to price compare between ge and whole food , you will find that whole food is actually cheaper , and the only reason you do not shop there is because people will feed you into thinking you will spend your `` whole paycheck '' there . what crap . write a list , prioritize and buy the thing that are sale . whole food ha a much better selection ( freshness wise ) in produce , meat , and cheese across the board . yes you can find some great stuff in the strip , but you will also find some reasonable item here . over the summer i went on a scavenger hunt for clam , wholeys/ge were both gross and overpriced ! whole food ha fresh clam and they were much cheaper than the other two location ! try it out , you will not be sorry .
i will be honest , i just do not get it . when it come to eating i do not adhere to any particular mantra or dietary restriction like vegan , organic , vegetarian , ethical , etc . if it is edible and it is within my palate is liking range then i eat it.from that perspective this place just get two star . some item were higher priced but the value added ( from organic to vegan certified ) would i guess justify it if you had to have it . but the item that do no fall under any of those premium-restriction value type are still just a highly priced . so it feel like 90 % of their inventory is priced at a whole-store experience premium.their prepared meal section wa marvelous , and their cut fruit section wa like i had died and gone to heaven . but that is about the only two section i probably would have been willing to open up my wallet .
now with two new bee hive along the rail line a of july 2012 managed by burgh bee of pittsburgh
no wi-fi . just fyi . when i lived in cleveland and my first ( truly terrible ) apartment had no wi-fi whole food wa my second home ... i would buy a little sampler of buffet food and salad , a coffee , maybe a vegan cookie , and park myself at a booth for an hour ( or more , let is be real ) . after i taught a yoga class . i know , i know , i am such a white liberal yuppie , it is painful.anyway , so when the internet went out at my pittsburgh home i trotted off to whole food , bought some food and a coffee ... and asked about the wi-fi . `` we have it , '' said cashier # 1 . `` it is probably just under `` whole food . '' '' `` we have it , '' said cashier # 2 , `` but i do not know the password - ask customer service . '' `` we do not have it , '' said customer service , `` go to starbucks . `` believe it or not , starbucks is letting me drink my coffee & eat my vegan cookie and did not make me buy anything.no wi-fi . otherwise , this whole food is pretty good .
i love shopping here . the staff is really nice , no attitude . even the other shopper are kind . it is always nice . thanks to everyone for making whole food a nice shopping experience .
i loved it , parking and all , after all , they had palak paneer ! mmmmm . it wa tasty . i spent a lot , but i wa ok with the occasional splurge . the second trip , i again bought my hit food palak paneer and it had obviously gone over . ever have whoopsies after green indian cuisine ? it is off my list now . forever .
i wish there wa a whole food close to my house . my wife is addicted to the freshly ground peanut butter from here , so i have to make a monthly trip to replenish her stock.the meat , seafood and vegetable always look fresh and last a whole lot longer than the stuff from trader joes or market district . plus you do not have to look at the label for any of the ingredient cause you know the food doe not have corn syrup or a derivative of it . while my shopping at whole food mainly extends to meat , seafood , vegetables/fruit and milk/eggs , i sometimes crave their assortment of cheese and i am a big fan of the bakery section . they do custom order ( i think ) with name etc . for birthdays/valentines day . tip : you get 2 dozen red rose for valentine day for 20 buck . now that is a steal ! this is a small store compared to what i have been used to . the parking lot suck considering the traffic it get ( there is a salon in the same lot so that add to the mess during weekend ) . price are higher than other place since the food is organic but you get what you pay for : fresh , long lasting food . again you have to use your discretion a to how organic you want to be.if the store were bigger , had a bigger parking lot and a bigger bakery section , i would give it 5 star . the layout is good and staff is always helpful .
this store is great - it is got all of the fresh specialty item we need for cooking great weekend meal for friend , but is not a vast , overpowering warehouse . item are well organized , and easy to find . a others ' state , it ai not cheap ! one way we lowered our whole food bill wa to go for their 365 in-house brand , which is typically priced at the same pricepoint a similar item in the regular chain grocery store . we do not use whole food for all of our supermarket need , just the specialty item , great produce , and seafood.i docked two star for absolutely terrible parking - yep . i know that is harsh , but every time we come here , we need to factor in another 10-15 minute to get a parking spot and be able to leave safely ( there are always car behind u looking for a spot when we are trying to leave , and so we often can not just pull out of the space and leave quickly ... ) even being careful , we have almost been hit multiple time by people losing their cool with the terrible parking.that being said , we will continue to come here to stock our home when we plan to entertain at home .
i think whole food and giant eagle market district are competing for the title of most annoying place to shop . it all start with the parking experience , which is ridiculously horrible at this location - very poorly planned . and then , there is the price - giant eagle being quite expensive compared to similar grocer in other city , whole food obviously ha to get a one up on those ; it is inherent in the scheme of selling premium `` natural '' good . whole food doe have better lighting and layout than ge , and yes , a more discriminative selection of product , especially for people with specialized diet , like vegan ( me ) and gluten free adherent . the house baked bread here might be worse than ge ( tough contest ) - often under baked and thus soggy in middle and crust tend to fall off ; making gluten free-dom seem appealing . and i do not even need to talk about customer demographic , because you have all seen rachel c. is link !
this store is pretty good . yes it is fairly expensive but you can get quite a few item that are difficult if not impossible to find at other store . they have a nice meat department with quite a few good naturally raised product , particularly beef . we have been very happy with their produce , which we find noticeably better than trader joe.i wish it wa bigger so there wa a larger selection and a larger prepared food selection ( we are used to the larger store in chicago ) . also wish there wa a liquor department but i will probably have to run for state office for that . frankly the worst part is often parking . do not know what cause everyone to behave badly in their lot ( myself included ) but man it can be a mess . anyway we will keep going at least for meat and produce .
whole food ! ! what a great idea . food that are natural and organic and wholesome to bet . this store offer a lot of brand and variety of food . more than the national brand . i love how when you first walk in the store , your automatically thrown into the produce section no questioned asked . the store is practically laid out to help you make the best food purchasing option available.they have more organic food than any other store i have seen . everything look so fresh and plentiful . they also have conventional ( non-organic ) item that are usually shipped locally and not from across the country . ton of option from bok choy to avocado to seasonal fruit . they have a fresh seafood counter and a meat counter with rating on the meat from one to five . there is also a deli counter with fresh pasta salad and side dish made in store . i recently started a gluten free diet and this store meet all my need from bread , bun , cereal , cracker , basically all the common wheat product . i have substituted out a lot of wheat product like flour and instead use rice flour , regular milk for almond milk , thing like that.my favorite part of the store is there hot food and salad bar . they make all their dish in the store and sell them for $ 8.49lb . the hot dish are amazingly good . the last time i went i had green bean with red pepper , cajun sweet potato wedge , sauteed mushroom , curry tofu and purple cabbage . man wa it delicious ! ! ! ! plus the salad bar ha over 40 option to put on top of the salad ! . with so many choice including the bakery , how can you miss out on this great place . it caters to average diet and changing diet too ! ! !
not counting price i like this store and the service . my favorite , a fellow i call scotsman the meat counter man . i do not know if this gentleman is from scotland or not , but his language reminds me of one i know . but the key distinguishing factor for him is his superb service and great attitude . he is just short of your personal butcher . he take his time with you , and he doe not rush you on . listens , give advice and is extremely helpful . when necessary he will look in the back to satisfy your request . he alone could keep me coming back . oh , and also the meat counter is excellent overall . great selection , and good cuts.what else , well the cheese section is outstanding , the prepared food are plentiful and tasty . i like the baked good also . another nice feature is you can eat right there , which i do sometimes so i do not food shop when starving , which always cost me more somehow .
the produce here is always fresh , the cooky by the pound are delicious ( especially the caramel wafer ! ) and they are a much more comprehensive grocery store when compared to trader joe is . i would avoid going here in the afternoon on weekend though ... too crowded .
this is a very well stocked whole food in pittsburgh . i am quite fond of their vitamin and natural beauty section , it is not something you will find in every grocery store . their price on garden of life vitamin are the best i have found in the city.you walk in to their lovely produce section . i really like the way the fruit and veggie are stacked , it is different . the staff is super helpful and will walk around the store to find the answer to your questions.we often find ourselves there at lunch time visiting their hot food and salad bar . the price are fair for high quality foods.the one awful thing about this location is the parking lot . there is not enough spot close to the building , and no one want to walk all the way from the garage when there is nowhere to put your cart after you load your thing ! and the driver ! oh , the other driver . they will wait f-o-r-e-v-e-r for someone to vacate their spot . no matter that they are stopping traffic out on the road ! i always have to psyche myself up to go there and deal with the parking situation.but when i go , it is well worth it .
just wanted to write a review based on my experience today.everything i went for wa in stock today ( which doe not always happen ) . the place wa crowded , a usual , but the line went fairly quickly . on my way in , i saw a $ 5 fish sandwich with creamy coleslaw advertised outside . three guy were there cooking . looked and smelled delicious , so i paid inside with my grocery . when i came out , i told the guy i bought one . they were really nice and asked me what kind of bread i wanted and what i wanted on the sandwich.some lady that wa `` in a rush '' wa upset her sandwich wa not ready when she came out ( but they explained the fish wa cooked , but they could not set up the sandwich without knowing what bread or topping she wanted ) . just watching the way they dealt with this customer wa great for me . the guy were so friendly and patient.also , the sandwich wa delicious ! the coleslaw wa also awesome ! yay ! i am so happy i stopped by when i did .
i love everything that whole food offer , but i can not stand the experience of going there . the parking lot is a mess of aggressive driver acting like the extra 50 foot of walking will negatively affect the environment more than their driving around the parking lot until a better space open up . once you get a space and finally get inside , the experience mirror that of the parking lot . everyone is in each others ' way and trying to be the first one to find the best organic orange or grab the last package vegan general tso is in the store.to be fair , though , the experience is still 100 time better than going to the market district a few block down the same street . similar in-store and in-lot experience , but with a better and higher-quality selection . the staff is always really nice and super helpful , and their tray of fruit and veggie are excellent . we have ordered them countless time for party and have never been let down . pricey , but excellent quality . the prepared food are delicious , and their prepackaged prepared food are also really good ... but like nearly everything else in whole food , a little pricey . for example , their yummy tomato bisque is $ 7 . hardly cheap enough for a quick lunch , but it is yummy . their baked good are delicious a well . we are constantly picking up bread from there ( and the occasional doughnut ) , and we are never disappointed.their meat and seafood department are also excellent . they have a great variety and are always helpful in answering any question that i have had ( although we still opt for our meat from dj is ) . of course , if you are at whole food your'e likely there for the organic option , and a to be expected , you are not going to find a better selection anywhere else . more unique , perhaps , but their inventory just will not be matched any time soon for those food . surprisingly , third-party & prepackaged pricing is actually on-par with giant eagle , so whenever we are looking for those type of item ( milk/eggs/pastas , etc . ) , we always opt for whole food .
ok , the parking at this whole food is an absolute cluster . it is not uncommon to pas fender bender in the parking lot on a saturday . my suggestion is park closer to the cv and avoid the abominable parking and terrible driving.it is generally extremely crowded on the weekend , espeically in the afternoon , so if you need to grocery shop on a weekend afternoon , make sure you have a list and start in the back . you will thank me later.though this location is small , it is always well-stocked , and the staff , though some are aloof and pretentious ( even though they are working for corporate america-hello ) , most are helpful.i love the prepared food and salad bar . it is a great option for those night when you just do not feel like cooking . there are $ 6 , $ 8 , and $ 10 meal option , and all come with two side . there is also a large selection of dip , spread , and large take-away side a well . i think their prepared food are worth every penny , and if you do not load up your salad with heavy item , you can easily get a dinner-sized salad with a little meat or egg for $ 8 or $ 9.some of my favorite item at this location include the fresh fruit packaged in container . it is super expensive , but always fresh and delicious , and i love treating myself to it , especially during the summer . i also love the fish selection-it is pretty extensive , and you can always find fresh harder to find item such a red snapper.the raw nut offering are extensive a well , a is the chocolate ... my favorite thing to buy at this wf is coffee . they have a huge selection of allegro bean , a well a local offering such a la prima . try the la prima peruvian blend or the allegro malawi blend . amazing .
i have only come to this whole food a couple time since moving to pittsburgh in 2010 . however , now that i have discovered that i have some food allergy , i may be coming here more often ! pro : high quality , unique product , especially for those with particular dietary restrictionscons : terrible parking lot , crowded store , high pricespersonally , i buy specialty item but would not purchase all my grocery from here . i can not yet afford that luxury !
this is where we do all of our grocery shopping . the parking lot doe suck so i avoid it and park by walgreens or up on the top lot . the produce is always great . seafood is delicious . best meat in the city- we especially love the made in store sausage . i love the specialty department and they will let you try the cheese before you buy and everyone is so helpful . we eat from the prepared food department more than i will like but it is better then ordering take out or chipotle for the second time in one week . salad bar is good- though watch out for undercooked veggies- raw beet on a salad one too many time and now i avoid them completely . bakery department is beautiful and when i ordered a sheet cake for a wedding shower everyone raved about it . floral department will help you put together a beautiful arrangement . whole body want all of my money- i try to avoid this department to be honest because i lack self control and always over spend . check out can be a hassle if it is really busy but the cashier are nice and check out pretty quickly . a recent development at this store is the person waiting outside to help you to your car . i do not need help so it is a little weird but i am sure people with kid love it .
ok , so this is my first visit to whole food ... ever . and now i know why it ha taken me so long . much like the parking lot , the inside of the store is just a congested.i came here with only two thing in mind that i needed , i went to the aisle i assumed they would have been in and we all know the saying there . for a small a the store is you would have thought i would have bumped into a staff member . i wa again wrong there . i scanned and scanned and scanned the aisle until i found the two item i needed , and would not you know right after i did , i came across a staff member . after being run over by a stroller on my way to the register , i wa happy to head back out and fight the congestion in the parking lot .
i have been to a many different whole food , this one is a little small , but nice.pro-very nice hot & cold bar-nice eatery-large selection of fresh bread & desserts-very nice produce , meat , coffee & grocery selectioncons-small , so very crowded-not a large bulk section , no flour , spice or sugar-no wok or burrito bar-carts are outside
i shop at whole paycheck from time to time , but i find them much too expensive for everyday grocery . if i want to splurge once in a while , or buy something to take to a party , it is definitely the place to go . the cheese counter is extensive , but i do not like that they pre-cut their cheese , i much prefer the way penn mac handle their cheese and doe not cut until you order . whole food will gladly do the same , so make sure you request that . i love the produce and the prepared food . i just wish they would give u a break on the price .
all that i can say is wowsa ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! this review is long overdue ! i will state it outright that i am very particular about my food , and i have been known to stomp my food like a brat when my heart is set on that vegan tofu burrito from the fresh pack section and it is not available . a few month ago , when this happened , i sulked at the prepared food counter , and bethany , prepared food customer service extraordinaire , flew to my rescue . she suggested the vegan blt . i wa hesitant , a i wanted something hearty and filling , and let me tell you this ! ... the sandwich totally did her smile and sale pitch justice . it pleased me like no other sandwich ha ever done . i want to compliment every sandwich maker in that department , specifically bethany , eric , and rick . they know when i walk in their direction from the fresh pack section that i am looking for my second option of the blt because the burrito is not available . no matter how banana and certifiably insane i might seem during my food shopping excursion , they always treat me with such dignity and respect.months have passed since my first blt experience , and i wa completely taken for another ride through satisfaction land during this past week when they offered to notify me `` the night before when the vegan tofu burrito are being made '' because they know how much i have my heart set on that beautiful meal on most day of the week . i can not say enough for bethany and her team of prepared food colleague . and everyone else at the store is so helpful and nice , too ! so kind ! so informative ! i love whole food market of pittsburgh ! and , for icing on the review cake , they have even begun to carry brad is raw pizza kale chip for dog . so my dog is satisfied , too . and it is her opinion that ultimately matter . ; ) five star ! thank you ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
so ... .. when i think about shopping at whole food , i always create an alternate universe where i think i would be able to shop here . i think : if i made at least twice the amount of money i currently do , i would be able to be a member of the club and shop here . ... . but i do not . thus , i only stop in here on very special occasion when i 1. can withstand the rage i feel when i pull into this parking lot ; and 2 . i want to either eat at the buffet or buy a very specific item . i would definitely recommend that others stop in sometime to get some food at the buffet . the quality of everything is pretty incredible ( though of course it is typically really expensive ) .
i love whole food , and i have been a fan for a few year now . i have visited whole food location around the country , but this pittsburgh location is one of my favorite . it is a small store , but it feel homey and comfortable.staff : most of the staff member are super friendly and willing to do just about anything to help you find what you are looking for . i had one staff member begrudgingly help me out , but i assumed he wa having a bad day or wa very busy . either way , it is nice to treat others with respect . the cashier here are so fantastic . they are never rushing and throwing food into bag . they take their time , ask you question and treat you like a person instead of another number in a long line . deli/made-to-order : the deli and made-to-order food are currently my favorite . sometimes i would rather spend $ 20 on lunch here with my boyfriend than go to a restaurant or get fast food . my favorite is the vegan chicken salad on foccacia bread . i adore this bread . it is just the right texture , it is nice and herby and deliciously buttery . topped with swiss or muenster , it is a super delish sandwich . if i am extra peckish , i get extra veg . chicken salad . yum yum yum ! the tomato bisque they have is something i newly tried . i am very picky about my tomato and tomato product . this soup delivers . i wish i could have it every single day . it is so phenomenal ! my boyfriend got it today alongside a cheddar biscuit that paired beautifully with the soup . cheese : if you want fancy gourmet cheese , the whole food deli counter might be the best choice . we purchased a small amount of midnight moon goat cheese gouda and made the most expensively delicious grilled cheese sandwich . we are grown-ups now , say goodbye to gross american cheese ! the cheese counter is so great because all of the cheese are labeled with the kind of rennet used in the processing . you can easily find a high-quality vegetarian cheese with just a glance . the cheese expert are also willing to talk cheese to you for a long a you like . store selection : overall the store ha great option , but they do not carry everything that i wish they did . unfortunately , they discontinued one of my favorite product - field roast deli slice . they bring in new and trendy foodstuff though , so it is enough to keep me happy . whole food can be pretty expensive , but if you do not fall for the tempting packaged food , you can get away with a reasonable grocery bill ! i primarily shop here for special item though . p.s . their selection of natural body and haircare is great and affordable . if you have sensitive skin or do not want your product tested on animal , go here !
my expectation for whole food market had been established a wa growing up in the dmv ( d.c. , md , va ) area . thus , very fresh produce , high-quality meat , diverse cheese , expansive bulk section , novel food item , exceptional food bar , and excellent customer service were essentially a given . on the other hand , i also expected parking difficulty , even at store with multi-story garages.the whole food market in pittsburgh is not much different from those in the dmv area . however , the parking is horrendous ! really , a medium-size private parking lot for the only whole food market in the pittsburgh area right along a congested major road ? let me say that whole food market in d.c. are also close to major road , but they at least have underground or aboveground garage and fairly decent road infrastructure to accommodate for the influx and outflux of shopper . i would love if the pittsburgh store can build a garage of some sort ( i am not counting the garage next to the starbucks and walgreens ) with smooth entry and exit so a to prevent a mini-gridlock along centre avenue.parking situation aside , the pittsburgh store doe live up to my expectation established from the dmv store . you will rarely find a bad apple ( no pun intended ) , and the store usually keep shelf stocked ( except when there is a major sale or promotion going on ) . now , if only it price and my budget could meet halfway so i could frequent this store more -- via bike or my own two foot .
i seriously do not know where to begin . oh yes , i shall start . lady , do not ever go there hungry , or on your period that ha your horn out due to the most beautiful thing we get `` cramp '' . first off the parking will make you want to rip your steering wheel apart , and throw it at the person ahead of you that got the last parking space . parking is madness ! ! then after you find a parking spot from doing bumper car with other non-driving ass . here come another traffic jam ( cart , and people ) . the space in there is one big box . geez louise . i cringe when i have to go there to get an item that only wf carry . but i like how they trap me with their delicious fruit and vegetable display a soon a you walk in . it is a war zone in that area . i can understand organic being more expensive than conventional , but why oh why is their conventional just a expensive a their organic ? really ? ! ? ! so every time they get me with their fruit , veggie , and the only place that i have found to sell skinless drumstick , along with 2 or 3 more item . my bill is always 90.00 ! ! omg ! ! i only got 1 bag of grocery ! ! the fruit that sell by the pound be like 8 to 9 dollar . i just can not . on a more positive note . the employee . they have always been so great to me . always greet me with a smile , and if i have an item that ha a coupon , they go out of their way to get the coupon so i can save ( lol at save ) oh my haha . but yeah , the employee must be getting paid good , because they smile , and always happy to help me .
i will start by saying this review is for the hot bar and i must of gone at an off hour for the hot bar and by that i mean during the dinner rush before they replenished it . i would say everything i got from the salad bar to the hot bar wa good apart from they had run out of soup/special of the day and the chicken wa beyond dry , the time i spent in the dessert wa a wet oasis compared to the chicken . i just feel that for the price i paid it wa not worth it . i have been to a smaller whole food with a better hot bar and to the one in new york city and remember it being great . i only give this one 3 star because the mac n cheese and vegan tofu loaf wa rather good . but i must repeat myself about the price . for what i got it is way to much . it is hard to justify paying that much when i could make it for 1/5th the price at home . now i know i do not have to cook or clean and that is the point of eating out but i could also go to trader joes get a few frozen meal and eat for over a day for the price of one hot bar meal from whole food .
i know what whole food ha done for the area and for that i am forever grateful . they came into a dicey neighborhood and brought their awesome healthy food and fun staff and east liberty blossomed around it . but that parking lot . good lord it is like playing bumper car . and from the youtube video where the guy sings , `` it is getting real in the whole food parking lot '' i realize that pittsburgh is whole food is not special - this is a common problem . small space , not enough parking , too many people driving through fighting for a spot , yeah , it is a mess.it is almost always crazy busy in here . i believe i will come more often if the shopping experience wa calmer . but because of the insanity of the parking lot and the hectic shopping ( people everywhere bumping into each other ) that take place inside , i truly limit my shopping here . to like once a year . but when i do venture in i think they have a fab hot food section and great sushi . some pretty tasty baked good a well .
yes , the parking lot in crazy . yes , the price are outrageously high ( it is not called whole paycheck for nuthin ' ) . yes , the store is small and usually crowded and the majority of the people who shop who here completely unaware they are not the only people on the planet . all those thing aside , i love whole food . most of the issue can be handled by slight change in habit . for instance , park farther away instead of circling the gd parking lot for the closest spot ! ! ! i get so sick of people complaining about that damn parking lot when all you have to do is park by walgreens and walk . seriously , the walk will not kill most of u . stop being lazy . ( sorry , for the tirade ; that is a pet peeve of mine ) . the produce is fantastic , always . and not just the organic stuff either . the regular pesticide-laden produce is great . the quality of the meat department is second to none . now , the bakery is a little 'eh ' for me . the muffin and cooky and cake always look de-lish ! , but they are not . usually to dry or dense or flavorless . it really doe not matter because the star of the show is ... the hot food bar . the quality and taste of most of the hot foods/prepared food bar is unbeatable . i lovelvoelove the breakfast bar . my dream weekend start with waking up and taking a nice long walk , stopping for coffee then heading on to wf to pick up egg rancheros burrito and sausage patty from the breakfast bar . i may get creamed by a bus the second i leave , but i will die happy . some of my other favorite are a vegan general tso is `` chicken '' that ha the best real chicken texture . it is really good ! the mozzarella pasta salad , sicilian cauliflower and the egg roll which are seasonal . do not forget to check out the packaged hot food across from the salad bar ; same stuff but pre-packaged . a a note though , the chicken fiesta soup is nooooot good . bland with a capital b ! in general the soup are hit or miss , but a real hit is the triple squash or butternut squash , something like that . it is next to sushi . it is very good
i do not shop at whole food that often since it is not that close to me . there is a shop n save a block from my house , so i buy most of my food there.one thing about whole food is they specialize in fresh fruit and vegetable . their produce is definitely impressive . all of the orange , lettuce , berry and banana pepper are perfectly ripe . they never have spoiled or bad fruit.the pastry section is definitely worth checking out . they have fruit tart and a lot of different flavored cheesecake and cannolis.whole food seems more expensive than aldi but le expensive than giant eagle .
a a vegan ( since 2008 ) we are a regular at whole food . it is convenient since we live in lawrenceville . my one and biggest complaint is that they need to carry more ( if not all ) organic produce . not this `` conventional '' garbage . other than that they have a huge variety of product and grocery item to choose from . staff is always friendly and helpful .
i have such mixed emotion about whole food . i first visited whole food in february of this year.. in my opinion , it is a little overwhelming at first and here is why . like most people in the u , i wa brought up on all of the `` typical '' mainstream american food brand . so when i walked into this place and barely recognized any brand , it wa slightly overwhelming . it took a little research and i still do some research on some product before making a trip . i recommend going online and checking their coupon before making a trip - i tried a bunch of new product that way . i have also googled `` best snack at whole food '' to get some more idea of what to try . now here is the sucky part- overall , whole food is pretty overpriced . but i will say that it is not entirely their fault . they sell higher quality product than your average grocery store . mostly all of their product are made with the best ingredient and are often organic and gmo free . they are vegan and vegetarian friendly and have ton of option for people with allergy . if company are spending more money on better ingredient , they are going to have to sell their product for a higher price . having said that , tazo tea for $ 4 a box is not a sale . i went a couple week ago and saw the sale price advertised , did a quick google search and realized target sell their tazo tea for $ 3.50 not on sale . needle to say i took the trip down the street and saved myself some money for the tea . i also recently wanted to purchase kale chip that i heard so much about ( brand is called brad is raw and the flavor wa vampire killer ) ... until i realized they were $ 9 for 2 oz ! you can get fresh kale for le than half the cost ! although whole food can be expensive they are not always that bad . my favorite yogurt , wallaby organic yogurt , is sold here . on a normal day , it cost $ 1 each . a couple day ago , they were 89 cent each- not bad for organic yogurt . they also have an amazing selection of uniquely flavored chocolate and they are pretty reasonably priced . justin is organic peanut butter cup are incredible ! the customer service ha always been awesome in this particular location . i hear that whole food is very willing to take back anything that you do not enjoy , a long a you have your receipt . a other yelpers have said- the parking suck in this location , it is a nightmare . so keep that in mind before you visit . overall , when i want to treat myself a little , i come to whole food .
alright , so i braved this place yesterday ( new year eve ) and it wa totally insane . there wa honking , some road rage and confusion . but i will say that i should have known better coming into a grocery store before a major partying holiday . anyway , in term of produce this place is awesome . i got my meat and bacon from this joint and have not been disappointed . i also love their premade hamburger . they are delish . this is also a great place to find a great assortment of cheese and grass fed butter ( i go for the kerry gold product , they are just awesome ) . also if you are grilling and dont want to cook too many side , you can pick up some of their side from their deli section . i have not had a bad experience with their food and you can always give everything a taste before having the clerk put it in a container . this is certainly the place to get specialty item like hemp seed , chia seed , and other natural dietary supplement ... just beware they are not cheap . overall , whole food is not cheap , but if you want quality this is the place to go . just dont go here on new year is eve or christmas eve ... you will end up ripping your hair out ! !
i love going here , if you shop smart it really is not your whole paycheck and is le expensive than other option in the area ( market district i am looking at you ) . i only buy the store brand unless i need something special for a recipe , and my bill is consistently le than anything i bought at market district . the quality of the produce and the meat can not be matched anywhere in the city , unless you go down to the strip . but hand down my favorite thing about going here are the employee . if you read anything about the corporate structure or culture of whole food you will understand why everyone seems so happy to be working . i have never had a request met with anything le than a smile , and i love that they are willing to let you try a new product before committing to the whole purchase .
great place to eat and shop . never a dull moment . this place change the face of east liberty for the better . i wa still shop here for all my need . love you wfm ! !
awesome place great costumer service lot of grocery should learn from them will come again
i love whole food ! i know that it is pricey and sometimes people scoff when they hear others say that there are certain thing that one can only find at wf but it is true ! i do try to do a lot of my shopping at trader joes and market district , but the market district on centre ave is almost comparable in price for the same product at wf and sometimes a little more expensive . this wf is clean , well laid out , and the staff overall are helpful and friendly though i have run into some employee with attitude particularly at the checkout , but overall it is a great store and you just have to know that not everything is organic ( always read your label ) and that the parking lot will always be a nightmare . overall this is a great whole food just avoid shopping here just before any major holiday because it is always madness !
every once in a while , when i am feeling particularly flush , i battle the evil that is the wf parking lot . i tell myself it will totally be worth it in order to class it up with some high quality goody . the fish and meat selection are out of the park when it come to freshness . however , i have purchased flower twice and each time they were dead by day three . both time i allowed the molten flower to remain on the counter an extra day to serve a a reminder why i am not wf material .
i found a bone in a package of in-store made turkey burger ( the tequila lime one if it matter ) . not cool .
the parking lot is always a zoo and that alone will give me a bit of anxiety if i think of going to whole food . people get pretty crazy driving around in that lot..like mean and road-ragey . yes , this place is more expensive and that keep me from shopping there on the regular . it is always packed when i go in a well . what i do like about them is the selection of flower ( i do not always buy , but it is nice ) , availability of very specific item , great selection of all kind of food , and a nice area of prepared food if you want to take something to go or eat there . it is a clean store and the employee are nice . i find it is easy to navigate . it is definitely a good place if you are trying to find item for a recipe you do not usually make ( like me ... boursin garlic herb cheese ? i found it here ) . it is vegan and vegetarian friendly..both of which i am not , but still a great option for other individual . i will say again the parking lot keep me away a lot though if you happen to score a sweet spot , it is a great idea to peruse the aisle and you may just find something new to check out for a lower price .
overpriced and overwhelming . i made the mistake of going -- once -- on a weekend . never again . the parking lot felt like i wa in a david fincher-directed game of frogger . it is always , always so congested and busy and filled with entitled customer . i wa checked into a magazine rack once when a guy tried to beat me to a check-out lane . some of the fresh stuff is nice , but it is definitely not worth the anxiety attack .
my favorite grocery store in pittsburgh . when i lived with my parent in forest hill it wa worth the 15 to 20 minute drive to shop here . lot and lot of organic produce . everything you would need to stock your fridge and pantry plus lot of more exotic option too . much of the produce come in conventionally farmed and organic option so pay attention to the label and sign if you are aiming for all organic . it is more expensive to shop here than most grocery store but you really do get what you pay for . the bulk section ha lot of nut , seed , bean and grains.the meat counter look pretty great with some grass fed and organic option ( a bit out of my price range for every day eating but it good to know it there for a special occasion ) . their seafood counter is passable ( that being said , i worked at wholey is fish market for a while so i have really high standard when it come to seafood . not that wholeys fish always meet my standard , but i am used to huge variety and at least a few incredibly fresh option ) . much of the seafood is previously frozen because it is out of season or exorbitantly expensive when fresh . i honestly can not believe people who shop at whole food have any interest in irresponsibly farmed fish like tilapia and chilean atlantic salmon but they carry it nonetheless . staff are friendly but can not always answer what you might think is a simple question . a in the bulk food guy probably know everything about the bulk food but literally ha no clue where you can find horseradish.salad bar and hot food are good and seam fresh . the sushi is passable if you are really in the mood for quick sushi . there is not a very big baked good section and i have never tried what they do have but my dad like their cooky . i usually bike there now , but when i used to drive the parking lot wa sort of a mess . just be prepared to walk from the far end ( i am sure you will all survive ) . line at the register can be long but seem to move fast . people complain so much about how crazy busy this place is , but they have obviously just never been to the whole food in columbus circle nyc .
i found out the caterpillar in the romaine bag . eww it climbed up on my arm . goosebump : ( but at least it can be the proof of `` organic '' besides the bug wa green ! ! ! ! so healthy !
i have been to many whole food market particularly in can . i wa really excited having a whole food market near my apartment ; however , i am really disappointed with this location . the deli ( pre-made/salad bar/hot bar ) selection is limited and the food is subpar . the parking lot is teeny tiny . if i had a choice , i would go to the wexford location . definitely should stop by if you are in the area .
when i travel for work , i often stop at whole food to pick up prepared meal . i know that i will get a good lunch or dinner , and the price is comparable to most upscale fast food option . a few week ago i wa really sick and came in to pick up a cold remedy , lunch , and orange juice . this whole food is just not quite up to the national standard.first , this whole food is fairly small , but the parking situation is a disaster . there is not adequate parking , and the kind of people who shop at this particular whole food are the worst people ever . people will try to run you over in the parking lot to get the last spot . it is actually pathetic.the store is set-up a bit odd , and the employee are not particularly friendly here . i felt like i wa begging someone to find sambucus , which just is not fun when you do not feel well . however , the cashier were up to par.the biggest kick in the face wa the prepared food section . at 11:00 am on a thursday there wa no prepared food set up . no soup , no entree . just some leftover oatmeal that had hardened from breakfast and the name tag for the prepared food that would eventually come out . there are only two small serving station a well , and a lot of my favorite option were missing , like the mac and cheese.if you are just looking to do standard grocery shopping here , then this whole food is just fine . the grocery selection were pretty standard , and the aisle are wide enough . this whole food is a big step up from the gross market district down the street , but the standard is pretty low here a well .
meatless monday is a great way to raise awareness about vegetarian or vegan diet , which also happens to be the least arduous way to reduce your carbon footprint , save water , prevent ecological pollution , and reduce deforestation , because it requires so much energy to raise animal for food . when we can simply , and deliciously , i might add eat what they eat . 1 pound of ground beef requires 550 gallon of water . i wa there on monday and i had a really good feature dish , with pink rice from madagascar and tofu , marinated in a ginger orange dressing ( delicious ) served with kale , carrot , pumpkin seed , red & green onion , and a coconut yogurt dressing . the young chef wa very nice and knowledgeable , and quite comfortable , talking while making my dinner . i paid for it , blessed it , thanked all who made it possible , ate , and it wa awesome ! i went back to thank and compliment the chef . he seemed grateful . then i got a few grocery i needed and left . thanks to cool chef , and whole food team ! i will be back soon enough !
i , in theory , love whole food . i love the produce selection , the cheese , and the meat . the hot bar is lovely and the bakery pretty good . when i moved to pittsburgh , i wa elated to finally have a whole food i could shop at ! but the experience is just ... unpleasant . human in bmw's/audi's/beat up subarus have turned into vulture , circling ... waiting ... for the next spot to open up in the impossibly tiny lot . there are no word to describe the anguish of being stuck behind one of these vulture stalking a shopper with a full grocery cart , only to see a spot just ahead , that someone else pounce on while you helplessly look on . it sound trivial and i get that this is a city , but is this what one really want to deal with a they are trying to run errand on their day off when there are other , le stressful option near by ? and , you know , i think the trauma of trying to find a parking spot remains with the shopper long after parking their car because people the atmosphere is kind of stressful inside a well . the jockeying for the shortest line in the check out , the pushing people out of the way for the last organic horseradish root ... it is about the same a any other urban grocery store but after the parking ! knowing the dangerous gauntlet i must run to get back to my car with my grocery ! the price ! it is just not worth it . and i will be willing to forgive all of this if it were an above average whole food , but it is not . this brings me , at last , to the turkey . i called ahead in late october twice to make sure the turkey i ordered would be fresh for thanksgiving . it wa supposed to be fresh . it wa labelled fresh . but it wa frozen . if i am going to pay 60 buck for a bird , it really should come a labeled and advertised . i do not need the stress of hoping my bird will thaw before the big day ( spoiler alert ... it will not ) . especially not after the parking lot.edit : well , customer service wa awesome and they refunded my frozen turkey . i amend to 3* ... thanks customer service !
maybe i am just not the kind of person that like whole foods.i do not mind paying a bit more for quality grocery , but the east end food co-op is a bit cheaper ( in my opinion ) for the same product . the store itself is very , very hard to navigate- it seems to always be super crowded . i have never used a buggy , only a basket , and even trying to maneuver that is a nightmare . in my opinion , there is just too much going on in the space that they have ; food display at the end of aisle , sample table , seated table at the front ... and no room to actually shop . either someone is in your way or you are in their way . the parking lot , well..i feel the other review have that covered .
what a horrible thanksgiving dinner , dry turkey , lumpy pototoes , freaky string bean , this is a real live and learn never again , wrote to the store for a comment , but no response , this wa to expensive to waste , but that is exactly what it wa
whole food is a tribute to healthy eating . they have fresh produce with the precut item a plus for busy people . these include a variety of fruit and vegetable . onion and celery are nice for preparation of stuffing for holiday turkey.they have a very nice fresh olive , roasted pepper , ... section . bakery item are extensive and delicious . they also have a large selection of salad wine and vinegars.they also have a large section of gelatos and frozen yogurts.prices tend to be high and store can be very crowded . this is a store specializing in higher quality food and serf a niche .
this location ha the nicest staff i have ever experienced when dealing with a whole food . when a product wa out they made suggestion and then explained what were key difference and key similarity from the one they were suggesting to the one i usually get . when my iphone died they were nice enough to find a charger to fit my phone and when they could not find one , they put my stuff n the cooler while i went to walgreens to get a new one . all in all if i need more kombucha i will definitely be coming to this location again !
i stopped here for some quick supply after arriving to pittsburgh from out of state . i wa able to quickly find what i needed and leave in a timely manner which is what i wa looking for . on my way out i wa talking to a very friendly cashier and bagger a i wa looking for something to eat while i wa in town . they were quick to recommend a place down the road . thank you for being so friendly and helpful to this `` out of towner . ''
i recently seen whole food for the very first time in my entire life , and i wa pleasantly surprised . i wa especially shocked by the cost -- not since they are worthy of the `` whole paycheck '' nickname , but because they are incredibly low . probably the nickname wa created by people that had formerly just shopped at affordable-o supermarket . i enjoy the well-stocked salad bar and dining area , and so doe the rest of pittsburgh , seemingly . half the city wa gathering salad during my last visit . vegan item are plainly marked a such , and everything is fresh .
love whole food ! aldi , a well a sav-a-lot , are really budget line grocery store . market district replaced the older giant eagle at centre av location a competition when w f first opened in pittsburgh . whole food market doe not carry any item with 'partially hydrogenated oil ' , for instance . it is upscale for quality products.if you are watching your budget , then lookfor sale , their own 365 brand , and take a little longer time to shop there . you will do fine.part of the whole food experience is fun shopping , and the team member are friendly and sweet.my favorite whole food is 57ave & sunset in miami , fla . the wexford store is definitely higher priced in pittsburgh area.looking forward to the grand opening at south hill ! ! scheduled opening towards end of 2016 .
i love the scale of this store ! more compact than other wfs ' location -- and i like that . ha just what i came for : a tasty rotisserie chicken to go , some cooky , pasta , sauce , cheese . benefit of sunday shopping ? free osp closer than parking garage . lot of people , too . again , i like that .
always a pleasant saturday trip to whole food , make the investment in your own body and eat organic and drink plenty of water ( i aim for 1 gallon daily ) . this location , a countless other poster have mentioned , is stuck with a tiny parking lot which make for congestion and frogger-esque pedestrian . there is a starbucks across the way which is nice to have while shopping . the store typically ha some display out front of fresh herb , fruit or flower . upon entering bin of conventional and organic fruit are laid out next to a wall of fresh vegetable , mushroom and herb . i would like it to see clearer labeling of what is organic versus conventional however . moving past the produce area is the fish monger displaying fresh tilapia , catfish , cod , sea bass and more . there are a few seafood based soup a well . all fantastic quality . past the seafood offering you will come to the meat department . there is a nice section of grass-fed beef which i definitely recommend ( typically $ 9.99/lb for ground beef ) . the rest of the store offer plenty of organic selection a you would imagine a well a providing a high-alkaline water fill station , an assortment of domestic and international cheese and a fresh hot food section . also included are the deli and bakery . great fun stop for your weekend grocery shopping , whole food is an investment in your own body and health !
i shop at this whole food location at least once a week and usually more often than that . it is a haven for someone with a milk allergy , a there are many delicious vegan option in the prepared food section , and the different type of almond milk cold brew they stock are to die for ! if i need a dairy substitute i always come here , since the price and selection are much better than giant eagle . the staff also are willing to do thing like print the coupon book for you at customer service , so if price is an issue they can help save you money . this location is smaller than some others i have been to , hence the star reduction , however for my current need it almost always doe the job .
this place is thee coolest ! looking to rent a tiki stand ? done ! need a 50 is style diner set . they have it ! want a life-size broadway sign ? you are in the money here ! anything and everything you can think of to rent is right at your disposal here . i wa in love the moment i stepped into the place . and guess what ? you can even rent it out for an event ! so that unique wedding venue ... it is here ! who would not want to party among bourbon street in the comfort of east liberty ? hold up to 150 and around 90 seated . only drawback are you must use valet , a there is really no parking around the area . you are not able to bring in your own catering , but you can use one of five company they suggest . which is honestly better than only having one to choose from . so if you find yourself in need of a unique venue in pittsburgh , look no further !
this.is.so.awesome ! do you need a lounge set-up ? a giant 007 sign ? a large giraffe ? go to the prop shop . they have just about anything you can think of available to rent and you can also rent the space.the owner wa telling u that a couple had a rehearsal dinner ( or possibly reception ) here and each area had a different theme . sushi amongst geisha prop , antipasto platter in the italy area , etc . that is just one of the thing that ha been done with the space . while they do have exclusive caterer , they have many for you to pick from . there are also valet service available ( the parking is ... .so-so ) , so holding an event for up to 150 will go off without a hitch.i am not sure when i will need that giant giraffe , but if i do , i know exactly where to go .
great experience ! we hired the prop shop for a business dinner function in salamanca , new york . the prop shop team traveled from pittsburgh to set up and tear down our function in the same day , they did a great job . our group enjoyed the pool table , foosball , air hockey , monster basketball and chic seating arrangement . everyone felt like a kid again . great activity for business and family alike . professional and friendly staff !
so the whole reason why i chose this aamco wa because it wa a short walk from my apartment in shadyside and i could easily leave my car there and walk home without having to bum a ride from my roommate . all i needed wa an oil change and my pa state inspection and it turned out to be a pretty painless experience . i just dropped off my car in the morning and picked it up in the afternoon . it is hard to find a decent mechanic and larry and his team seem like people who will take good care of you . i will be back there for sure .
i wa incredibly nervous about taking my car to a major chain a i have heard and read many mixed review about numerous location . my experience at this aamco wa fantastic though ! larry wa incredibly kind and helpful in explaining what wa wrong with my transmission , and when it came time to fix it , he ended up charging me the originally estimated cost even though he needed to do a little extra work . can not recommend this place enough !
i have taken my car here now for seven month ( two car really ) . from routine maintainence to identifying a problem they have only shown me the best service . they always present me with good and complete information and are honest and trustworthy . the last time i wa in they saw the problem right away and since it wa a 30 second fix they did not charge me . i can not recommend these guy enough . the best mechanic i have had experience with in my adult life !
i have taken my car to larry , aka aamco , the first time because my brake had been squeaking for month . asked larry to change my brake pad and he said . `` no . '' he said there wa still 80 % wear left on them . he said just bring them back in a year or so when they need changing while explaining the squeaking wa due to a lower quality material aftermarket pad that my guy in san diego had installed . stand up guy . stand up service . now it is been a year , so i am taking my car in to actually get it worked on with confidence .
i went here to get my serpentine belt replaced and a transmission flushed and these guy were friendly and efficient . they took the time to explain thing to me and i felt comfortable that they were making the appropriate recommendation without trying to charge me for thing i did not need . it wa ready in just a few hour a promised so i wa able to pick it up same day . only complaint is that they left my transmission fluid dipstick out of place under the hood so it wa just laying on top , but fortunately it did not fall down and screw up anything since it wa laying flat on the top , but if it had that could have been a more serious problem . so i subtracted a star for that since it seemed a bit careless .
i took my car here for the state inspection . i mean , there is really not much to rate here - they gave me a sticker , did not try to sell me anything ( my car is like a year old , anyways ) and the price wa a advertised . they gave me a ride to work , and were quite friendly . i will most likely come back for my future inspection need , and , if i have a car out of warranty , certainly give them a try for mechanical issue .
if i could give them zero star , i would . awful ! my car would not start so i called the tow and he managed to get it started , but it is been acting up so i brought it in anyways . after having my car for an entire week and not calling me once , after i have called twice , the man on the phone told me it wa ready to pick up , nothing wrong with it . when i went to pick it up , i turned it on and before i could even leave the lot , it died ! i went back in and told him that the tow truck operator hooked it up to a jumper box and pumped the gas to start it . that is what he did . then told me it probably did not start because it wa sitting so long . then he told me `` i do not know anything about your car '' ! i left and sure enough had trouble getting it started at my next destination , had to pump the gas pedal . yeah , that sound like `` nothing is wrong '' . do not bring your car here . they admittedly know nothing about car !
so i had to take my car to get inspected in order to register my car here in pa and ended up taking it to this place . i called in advance , the day of and they were able to fit me in since i needed to get this done asap . anyway , i drop the car off in the am and walk over to the closest starbucks ( it like 3 block away ) so that i can get my work done , a they do not have wifi . after 3 hour or so , larry call me and let me know that my car wa ready . fortunately , my car did not need any work so i wa a happy gal . the inspection that they did were about $ 67 or so , which wa pretty average a i had taken my husband to get the same thing done elsewhere . at any rate , the people here were very friendly and professional , they did not try to sell me anything that wa not necessary , which i tend to encounter a fair bit . highly recommend .
i needed an oil change and general safety inspection , but i wa having trouble finding a place with decent review that took appointment and had weekend hour . i called this aamco and the guy said that they usually only do transmission work on the weekend , so their mechanics/general tech guy are not in . however , he offered to schedule me for a saturday morning appointment a he wa going to be in that weekend anyway . i wa happy to accept his offer and the actual appointment went very well . the man i spoke with and who worked on my car is very personable and accommodating , and the maintenance he performed on my car wa done well and priced fairly . i do not know if they will always be able to accommodate my schedule , but my experience thus far is that they are at least willing to try .
i have a very , very rudimentary base of knowledge when it come to car . mechanic probably pick up this scent within second of me walking in the door . so when it came time to get the oil changed in my new-to-me 2010 honda civic , i turned to yelp to help find a place with a solid rating . a far a oil-changing joint go , this aamco location stood out among others in the east end . here is why it get a high rating in my book ... i called two day ahead of time to schedule . they could take me early friday morning -- the sooner the better . well , i wa out late celebrating a birthday the night prior and overslept . i called back to reschedule for another day , but they were able to squeeze me in in the afternoon . i went in thinking i wa going to be dropping $ 80 for synthetic oil , but brian , the shop manager and co-owner is a honda guy himself and said regular oil would work just fine . i asked him if he could check out the condition of my brake and tire . instead of doing a quick visual , he took the tire off to check . moreover , he rotated them , so my best tire are up front , where they should be . all told , the bill came to under $ 40 and i wa in and out in under an hour.along with his business partner , jim , brian took over the aamco in the latter half of 2014 and he officially became a co-owner on 1 december . he ha year of experience working on car , first a a hobby , and then after a long time in the restaurant business , a an employed mechanic . the customer service wa great . i wa greeted promptly and with a handshake . after returning to pick up my car , brian and i spoke for about 10 minute after the shop had closed for the day . he ha plan to renovate the shop to make it better for both his customer and employee , a well a to offer deal through social media.i will need tire soon and brake job down the line -- i will be returning to aamco for both . it wa great walking away not only with the feeling that i did not get screwed this time around , but that i have a reliable , knowledgeable place where i can go for any mechanical issue . bottom line : can not recommend this place highly enough .
so , i take my suv here on sunday in an effort to know why it wa running so roughly . i spoke with brian at the desk who wa very polite and professional . sunday went by then monday went by . tuesday morning i get a call from brian who stated that they could not fix my car due to not being able to remove a bolt without possibly getting in over their head . what ! ? are you freaking kidding me ! ? a nationally known garage is afraid to remove a bolt ! ! ? ? then i had to pay them $ 102.67 to get my suv back . i had to pay them to waste my time and do nothing ! ! i know that they say never say never , but i am going to go out on a limb here and say never . never will i take my car here again . i am so very disappointed in aamco .
best mechanic shop ever ! pro : brian ha amazing customer service skill . he call you once the car is opened up and then like a surgeon diagnosis the problem with honesty and some truth . what i mean is he say 'i believe with 96 % probability that ____so_and_so_is_the_issue___ with your car . i really like the honesty and trust he conveys when discussing the diagnosis . just like with human , doctor are unable to always predict with 100 % certainty that a person ha a specific disease and brian say it how it is a well . it brings the conversation down to earth and i have not had that type of service at a mechanic shop especially in a large city . after fixing the car he actually brings out the old part and explains everything they did to fix the car . he go into detail in layman term and it reassures you a the customer in the care and trust they take to fix your car . con : even for basic service it often take +3 day to do .
i took my jeep to brian and jim is shop a month ago because i heard a grinding noise at about 20 mph and above in the general area of the rear wheel . i talked with brian a several time and he seems to be a knowledgable and good guy . they found a used `` rear end '' and installed it at what seems like a reasonable price . jeep sounded great when i got it back . it is now two week later and the same ( or similar ) sound is back . when i called brian said essentially , `` bring it right in and we will take a look . '' i like this shop .
i just got back from getting my oil changed here . brian , one of the new co-owners , could not have been nicer and more polite both on the phone and in person . i called a lot of place trying to make an appointment , and wa turned down pretty rudely until i finally called aamco and spoke to brian . he got me in the next day ( which everyone who work a 9-5 during the weekday will be happy to hear wa actually a saturday -- they are open saturday morning ! ) and i wa in and out with little issue and reasonable price . brian wa there to meet me when i got there , and also fixed a loose splash guard next to my front wheel free of charge . i will definitely be going to aamco for my future car need . p.s . if you are the type that doe not really like just hanging out in the garage while you wait for them to finish with your car , aamco is pretty conveniently located just off baum , behind the aaa building , so you can leave , walk around , shop for some grocery across the street , or grab a coffee at starbucks while you wait .
i have been going to see larry at aamco for year and wa always pleased with the timing and result . larry retired in december and now brian is a co-owner with jim . both are incredibly nice and accommodating . recently i had to get my annual inspection but wa in the middle of getting a temp registration because i lost the original and wa supposed to get it later that day . brian said he will be able to do everything except the emission test and when i get the temp to bring it over and he will finish it up . he could have easily told me to make another appointment when i have all the correct documentation but didn't.after i got them the temp registration and they finished the inspection , i thanked them and apologized for everything and brian said , `` well we strongly believe that if you are good to your customer they will be good right back to you . '' so this is my first yelp review , something which i never thought i will participate in , but these guy deserve it .
i own an hvac company . my truck is my life-line ! ! ! ! ! lost forward drive . called brian and talked about repairing the truck asap . he told me to get it into the shop a soon a i could . i had it towed over and he got right on it . had the transmission out and replaced within a couple day . he could have charged me anything , i wa at his mercy . quoted me a very fair price ! ! ! ! ! picked up the truck and it run great ! ! ! ! would use him again and again . can not speak highly enough about the way he doe business . it good to see honest hard working people . thank you ! ! ! ! ! !
i do not usually write review unless i am upset , but this aamco is the exception . i brought my car in for the state inspection after a bad experience at another shop . the new owner wa extremely accommodating , personable , and honest . after an hour , he told me my car wa fine and offered guidance on future maintenance my car would require , but did not try to push it on me a it wa not necessary at the time . i wa in a hurry so i opted to decline , but this aamco will definitely be getting the work when it is time for it , though .
i wa very impressed by the professionalism and expertise of the whole team at aamco transmission . not only they treat their customer very well but they are highly skilled.i went to see aamco transmission after visiting three other car mechanic about one problem with my car ; a loud vibrating noise starting at speed above 50mph . the result from the visit at other automotive shop ranged from offering to charge me for standard safety check that may or may not be related to the actual problem , to actually proceeding to unnecessary part replacement , to complete misdiagnosis of the problem at the transmission level . in sharp contrast , aamco offered to diagnose the car for free , including the transmission , found the actual problem - a part under the hood wa slightly loose and would start flapping when too much air would get under - and fixed it for free . when this wa done , one of the franchise owner - brian - drove the car with me to make sure the problem wa solved.in addition to fixing your problem , these guy are also very friendly and professional . i only wish all car mechanic would have this type of work ethic .
these guy are some of the friendliest , most professional folk i have ever had the pleasure of taking my car to . i had an emergency tire leak , and based on a friend is recommendation , i gave them a call first thing in the morning . they told me to bring it in that morning , so i did and by the next day they had the same brand of tire to replace it , and fixed it the next morning . they will certainly be getting my business in the future.in summary , fast , excellent , professional , and friendly service made this a go-to place for my future car trouble . i am glad to have found some trustworthy mechanic in my area -- i think we would all agree they are worth their weight in gold .
i have had nothing but a five-star experience each time i have taken my car in since writing a review a year-and-a-half ago . i have had a brake job , a battery change , a tire change and numerous oil change . aamco continues to do quality work while being up front , affordable and easy to do business with . can not recommend this shop highly enough and have done so with friend and coworkers .
this management team is stellar . from reception to management there is always a friendly person available during business hour . they pick up your mail when you are out of town and deliver ups/fedex package during the day when you are not there to sign for it . any time there is a maintenance issue someone will come by the day of or next day and fix the problem , even if i am not available to be there.i had to move out recently due to a relocation to another city , and i wish i could find a company like franklin west here . they sent my security deposit refund quickly and set the bar really high for my future renting endeavor .
beware - i rented from franklin west when i wa getting my master is at carnegie mellon . they use cmu student a atm machine and will do everything humanly possible to stick it to you when you move out especially if you are leaving pittsburgh . my list of complaints:1 ) they charged me three month rent after i moved out , while the apartment wa vacant . this wa not in the lease . they conveniently forgot to mention this until i gave them my advance notice i wa going to vacate the apartment . 2 ) they did not return my $ 1500 security deposit . 3 ) three year after i move out , they send some delinquent account to a credit agency ( they still owe me my security deposit ) , messing up my credit rating . they never reached out to me , not once !
i would caution against this rental company . the property are beautiful to look at and they roll out the red carpet when you are considering their apartment but once you are in and a tenant , all the niceness stop . they are indifferent and treat every service request conversation a if it is a legal document saying the right thing in the vaguest possible manner but not following through.i wa completely misled by them when i wa in the market for an apartment but i know better now .
i called the office to get a lightbulb replaced , one of their maintenance staff took picture inside my apartment without my knowledge or permission . apparently my dog not being in his crate while i wa not home wa not up to franklin west ' standard , so they sent me a letter including the picture that were taken without my knowledge . after receiving their threatening letter `` reminding me '' of the lease i regretfully signed , my fiancé called them to ask why they were taking picture inside our apartment without our knowledge . they said they can enter our apartment any time they like , which apparently mean they can photograph your thing a well . if you have pet , do not even bother renting from any of their property . pet deposit/rent is ridiculous . i get harassed that my dog need to be crated when i am gone . oh they even suggested i put my baby in doggy day care , how the **** am i supposed to afford that when i am paying a security deposit , pet deposit , rent , and pet rent ? i have basically been told i am not getting my security deposit back . their reasoning that my dog ha to be crated is for the safety of their maintenance guy . my dog is a 10 lb papillon . one of the picture they sent me while they decided to do a photo shoot inside my apartment wa of my dog laying down on the bed . very vicious indeed . i am scared to even be in my own home now . that is not a life i am comfortable with . especially because my dog is a registered emotional companion dog that my doctor and vet each sent letter to franklin west stating that , yet is still considered a threat . six month left on my lease ... wish me luck guy . ps- if you do go into their leasing office you will see one of the employee ' dog roaming around , while mine is locked in a crate . do they not see the hypocrisy ?
basically a group of lawyer who understand how to use archaic pittsburgh law to screw over student . ridiculous policy and move out fee . their auto renewing lease are set in a trap
in the past several month the employee have made my fiancé and i much more comfortable . they call u before entering our apartment ( with the exception of when we were out of town and had a large package delivered , they put it inside our living room ) . also , they are more pleasant to u in general after we voiced our frustration with them . originally we signed a 12 month lease , knowing we would only be living in pittsburgh for 9 . they helped get our apartment signed by new tenant and we are able to get out of our lease early without breaking or violating it . they have done a great job changing my feeling about them . justin and maureen are the only franklin west employee that were always courteous .
i really wish i would have looked at these review before choosing to rent with franklin west . please take all of these negative review seriously because they are valid . they really do try to impress you when looking at the property and they do have nice property . a soon a you are in a lease the courtesy end . they do everything they can to charge you extra fee . the management is horrible and never understanding . i know what a process apartment hunting can be but please look elsewhere .
ed and lynn are decent people with a fine revolving relationship with some excellent coach and pro . they hold clinic and host league and have been a vital part of the winter tennis community . if it is raining or cold , or if you want to play double , this is the place to go . the court play fast , they are relatively well heated and aerated and the lighting and upkeep ha been better than good . court fee are slightly high , but if you are an addict , it is worth it . coach dave bender who run clinic and class there is especially good at his job .
pittsburgh indoor tennis club is a great business ! i went to the monday night clinic with pro david bender and it wa great . nice people , great drill , good mixture of skill , perfect way to ease back into the game ! they have more advanced clinic at well for those of you who can play . the building is convenient if you live in shadyside . did i mention the clinic is very reasonably priced ? ! a++
i am torn ! if i could give it 4.5 star instead of 5.0 i would , but i can not quite do 5 because i have been to other pittsburgh facility that have better court facility and my own home court out west did not get a 5 , so i can not be accused of bias , haha.pitc is just that , the pittsburgh indoor tennis club . it is conveniently ( for shadyside and surrounding area ) located in the east liberty area , very close to target , petsmart , and pizza sola.there is five court , four full court and one singles-only court . they play faster than average with a low bounce unless you are a heavy top-spin hitter . they are definitely kept in good condition and for an indoor facility that seems to be older in age the lighting is quite good.i did their two hour clinic on sunday afternoon after playing a usta match there and i can definitely say it is a great great great value . you get an excellent workout and the teacher during the clinic actually give your pointer and provides remark on your game.definitely looking forward to trying out more of their clinic in the future .
this club is now officially closed for good due to redevelopment in the area .
what would pittsburgh do without time bomb . it is the best store for urban clothing in all of pittsburgh ! similar to next in cleveland and standard in atlanta . i have been copping from there for over 10 year ! it it located in the shadyside area of the city bordering east liberty near villa , david is shoe and ace athletic . they offer ton of brand for men and woman like artful dodger , cold chillin , crook & castle , dime piece , evisu , five four , g shock , lrg , married to the mob , play clothes , kid robot , the year of and many more . they also carry both local and national mix tape and also have artist is coming through the store to show love . if you are ever in pittsburgh looking for some fresh gear and music make a trip to time bomb ! get ya life right ! what up brick ? !
hat ? they got some sweet stuff . shirt ? stuff you will not get anywhere else . sock ? they got you covered . great staff and cool location . go check this place out .
timebomb is without a doubt the best spot in pittsburgh to get all the exclusive raw street merchandise . this is my favorite store in the city not only because of it is selection of merchandise , but for it is uniqueness . the owner brick who started the store in '95 i believe is a great guy who always take care of his loyal customer . i have received free apparel , sticker , dvd , mixtapes , you name it from brick . he is a man who know how to keep his customer coming back ! all in all timebomb is the place to shop in pittsburgh if you are looking to `` get your life right ''
new location in garfield is the bomb ! ! quite literally . brian is a fab shop owner with the latest trend . always support local business !
tried and true ... brick is that dude and ha been holding it down for pittsburgh streetwear for a long as time . been going there for a decade now . i moved to la but wa recently home and stopped by the new spot in garfield and it wa dope ! collab spot with daily bread and refresh should be a good look for the future of all their brand .
my favorite restaurant in pittsburgh- i had great experience with their korean selection like bi bim bop , chicken katsu , and jum bon . must try ! great atmosphere , wonderful people , reasonable price .
jimmy tsang is chinese restaurant is one of the old `` traditional '' pittsburgh restaurant , a place you remember a always `` being there . '' my parent feel the same way about it . it is a good , if unspectacular place with reliable , tasty fare like honey chicken , chinese flank steak , and authentic eggrolls . i do not normally go for the spicy fare , indeed i prefer the plainer dish like chicken with vegetable , but they have one item on the menu that i have always wanted to try -- sau la gi , which is stir-fried hot spicy chicken , onion , green onion & fresh bean sprout . perhaps i have never noticed , but i do not recall seeing it anywhere else . it wa good , but hoo-boy did i have to pace myself while eating it . and have plenty of water nearby ! sau la gi wa worth trying once , but it really wa not to my taste and i doubt i will have it again.my friend maryann tried ching za gai ( spicy also ) which is roasted crispy chicken served with tangy vinaigrette sauce . i sampled it and perhaps i will order that for myself next time . i will like to cook a milder version of it myself at home . more to my taste however are the garden chicken , chicken with broccoli , or beef with pea pod . seafood dish include sweet and sour shrimp and sauteed shrimp szechaun style . yeah , i am a little unimaginative when it come to chinese food , but i know what i like and if a place can do the basic right , it is okay in my book ! jimmy tsang is also ha a convenient and inexpensive lunch menu . the place also doe korean barbecue and you can book a private dining room for you and your special someone with a $ 100 deposit .
you can see their second bar through the front window . i always assumed that that wa their first bar , and just walked by the place maybe a hundred time , until walking in and noticing that everyone wa drinking in a different bar.in other word , this place is *huge* inside . the place look like it wa decorated about the same time many other city built up chinatown area ; i like the decor , even if it might be slightly dated . chinese and korean food , at or above my expectation . the stuff on the menu is good , and they are willing to put together thing that are not on the menu if you ask nicely . kung pao tofu is my favorite so far .
i happen to stumble upon jimmy tsang is while up in pittsburgh visiting . i must say , the food is really good . the service wa great - but i only had a drink there with my boyfriend and we got take out . we liked it so much , we got take out for my family 2 night later . the woman that run the front is very nice / sociable and like to talk about each dish . she ha great suggestion for your taste . her husband is the chef ( they are both from korea ) and he ha been cooking a head chef in restaurant for over 20 year . if you like chinese food , you will love this place . it also ha two cool bar inside . i highly recommend this place . the reason why i give it 4 star is because we got take out - not sure how table service is , but i am sure it would be good with the nice people working there ... . a must try ! i bet it would be a cool first date kind of place ... .
walking into jimmy tsang is wa like walking into the chinese restaurant that wa on hawaii five-0 - it put you back in time to the 1960 is and the food is reminiscent of that era also.hot & sour soup wa highly americanized , not very hot or very sour.wonton soup wa a very large portion and good.egg roll were large , slightly greasy but the filling wa flavorless , not very good.cheese wonton is were okay but the old grease used to fry them in over-powered the flavor.chinese flank steak wa tough and chewy in a soy style sauce thickened with cornstarch , a little too salty and greasy but overall it wa good.flaming chicken wa chicken breast with sugar pea , bamboo shoot and baby corn in a white/clear cornstarch chicken base sauce , that lacked much of any flavor except slat - it wa just okay.tea tasted like american lipton brewed in large quantity in the back than served in a generic tea-pot.the place wa clean service wa good , price are very good , but the food wa just average .
i really feel bad about giving a one-star review . first , it is not about the service , price , decor , or the food . i am writing this review after going there twice . the first time my husband and i went , the dinner wa good . we thought this place ha the potential to be our go-to chinese restaurant in pgh . today i remembered that they have an early-bird special 3-6pm ( m-sat ) . the won ton soup wa not authentic ( more like chicken noodle soup ) but wa not bad . the entree wa fine . what really knocked the score down to 1 is the awful tobacco/cigarette smell from the tea ! ! ? ! ! i had to go to the grocery store and buy a pack of gum . the smell would not leave me so i came home to rinse my mouth with listerine ( 2-3 minute ) then brush ( a long a i could ) to get rid of the smell . did they use the tea pot a an ash tray ? [ first visit : 3 star ] + [ second visit : -5 star ] = [ -2 star ]
hey , jimmy ! cigarette are not a replacement for tea bag ! the early bird special is cheaper because it is mostly cabbage and the tea taste like second-hand smoke.i had the same dish previously , without the special and it wa fine ( hence 2 star and not 1 ) . i am going to avoid this place until i get a craving to drink tobacco .
went there last night with 8 peeople . there wa another 14 people party.the food wa good -- not great but good . we waited 45 minute for the first dish to arrive and that only because we sent one of our folk to see what wa going on . they did bring drink and tea promptly .
i wa expecting a lot more from jt but realized that it is a restaurant that serf both chinese and korean but not in a fusion type of way . it merely ha a chinese menu and a korean menu . the idea wa cute . they even have typical chinese lunch specials.the deco need upgrading and dusting -- some lighting or even natural light ( it like walking in a cave ! ) and some other review were right that it ha a hint of smoke in the air . i had a craving for comfort food and ordered jajangmyeon and grilled calamari . the tea and water wa served a i sat down . i went a little after the lunch rush so there wa not too many people . the calamari came out promptly and the jajangmyeon took a little longer . the portion were huge ! what took the longest and annoyed me the most ( i wa the only one left at the restaurant ) wa waiting for the check . why doe waiting for the check take 45 minute ? they never came the clear the table or walked by so that i could signal that i needed the check . i should have just walked out . the food wa okay but i seriously needed to get in and out of there in a certain time frame that they did not help with . you may want to consider going when you have a 2 hour lunch break .
closed . signage down . boarded up tight . phone disconnected .
yep , closed ! my dad and i were gon na come here dinner last night . he called me and told me to meet him at china palace instead . so long jummy tsang is ! you were one of the last of the old time chinese joint .
i rented an efficiency in their 490 s highland property for 12 month a a graduate student . the apartment itself wa nice and i received prompt email response from their rental coordinator when i had a question . also , they reimbursed my full deposit except for the agreed carpet-cleaning fee . overall , very pleasant experience , considering most landlord try to take advantage of student markets.only downside wa the building wa old and occasionally had plumbing problem - water went off a couple time for about a day . however , overall i would still recommend it . can not beat the price for the area , right on several major buslines into town , and wa usually pretty quiet . also , they accept cat ! : )
this is a cut and paste from a review i wrote on apartmentratings . i read the poor review for kamin , but decided to reserve my judgement of their place until i saw for myself . i must say that after my experience today , i am thinking that the review here are far from hyperbolic . i wa scheduled to see two unit today - one on walnut and one on s. negley . when my boyfriend and i arrived at the first place , the building manager , paul informed u that we could just look at the unit on walnut street because , `` they are identical apartment ... same builder and everything , but if you want to fight against traffic this time of day , we can . '' first of all paul , the floor plan may be the same , but no two unit are alike . the kitchen may have been updated in one or maybe the bathroom tile wa different , the building may smell different and maybe a potential tenant want to see the view out the window . secondly , if we are going to potentially sign a lease to pay almost $ 1,400 per month , we will at least like to see the actual unit we will be living in . in addition to that , the other apartment wa only three block from this building . we felt that the 8 minute walk would not be that terrible of an inconvenience ( for u anyway , but then again paul seemed to be in a hurry . ) anyway , we got to the first place and paul let u in . rather than engage u or talk to u about the apartment , he just stood there in the living room with his arm crossed and left u to wander through the apartment on our own . he did not offer any information and answered our question with one or two word answer . seriously , if he is that rude now , what is he going to be like when the lease get signed ? strike one . after we left the building on walnut , the boyfriend and i walked down to s. negley and met paul there . he let u in and led u upstairs where he actually let a door slam right in my face . what a nice guy ! and so gentlemanly ! strike two . when we got to the second apartment , we were wandering around when i noticed a gigantic water mark with bubbling paint and all in the corner of the ceiling in one of the bedroom with a lovely black stain that i can only assume is mold . the current tenant informed me that the roof leaked . noooooow i know why paul did not want u looking at the second unit ! strike three . kamin is out . we just turned around and walked out at that point . i do have to say though that paul did u a favor by being so incredibly rude , unprofessional and overall kind of a tool . heck maybe he hate working for kamin and this is his way of `` sticking it to the man . '' if it were not for him , we may have believed whatever b story a *good* salesman would have given u about how they are fixing the roof or whatnot and we may have actually bought the story and been miserable for a year . how lucky for u that kamin ha such a `` pleasant '' guy dealing with the public . it is sad though because overall the apartment would be very desirable if it were not for paul and the obviously leaking roof . on to greener pasture ! read more : http : //www.apartmentratings.com/rate/pa-pittsburgh-kamin-realty-corporation-1643760.html # ixzz2ru5pje81
kamin realty showed a profound lack of professionalism . would take several day to respond to e-mail , if they chose to respond at all . i had to make several phone call to ever get a response from a kamin representative who wa not helpful or gracious to work with.put a deposit down on a place , however 3 day later , due to unforeseen circumstance i had to cancel . instead of working with me on refunding or possibly working out a re-advertising cost kamin denied any service and left me out $ 700 dollar . in the end , i am glad thing did not work out since they seemed like they would be horrible landlord .
i have not even moved into my apartment yet and i am already regretting renting a property with kamin . paul showed u the apartment and he wa very nice . i would give him a 5 start rating . it is the woman who answer the phone and email that i find extremely rude and off-putting . so far , she ha hung up on me on the phone , raised her voice to me multiple time , and told me to `` get myself a calendar '' when i asked to get back into my apartment during the week of memorial day . i then sent an email with question for paul because i did not want to deal with her anymore . paul never saw my email and instead she answered my long email of question with a one word sentence . if i could back out of my lease at this point , i totally 100 % would , solely because of the receptionist . but unfortunately i am trapped . their apartment are decent , but the receptionist need to attend a few session of customer service training and general etiquette course .
i first found the newman chiropractic center about 2 year ago when one day , my lower back pain got so severe i could barely walk . i called one or two other chiropractic office first and neither could see me that morning or even that same day . dr. novak at the newman chiropractic center wa able to see me immediately and since that day , i have never even thought about going anywhere else . whenever i need an adjustment , i simply call ahead and let them know i will be stopping in ; they are extremely flexible and understanding of my busy schedule.i look forward to visiting the office for an adjustment because i know that when i leave , i will feel amazing . the office itself is not a posh a you might find other place in shady side but it is welcoming , comfortable , and certainly get the job done . i have and will continue to highly recommend dr. novak to anyone who is need of chiropractic care .
best chiropractic center i been to others dr novak and staff are the best in the pittsburgh area they are concerned and problem always taken care of excellent adjustment i always feel better after i leave there
dr martin novak and the staff at newman chiropractic center are absolutely the best ! ! they are always so friendly and can accommodate my schedule ! there is never a long wait . dr novak did a great job developing a care plan to suit my need . after a few visit i wa pain free ! i continue to go back to maintain my spine health . great office and great staff ! dr novak is pittsburgh is best chiropractor !
i love dr. novak ... ... .come in barely able to move and almost ready to cry , he is been doing this so long he know what to touch just from my description of the pain . i am a 6ft tall man and he adjusts me with ease , no other chiropractor i have been to between the state of georgia and pennsylvania have been able to not only diagnose the source of the pain based on a description ( only ) , but correct the problem on the first adjustment , not second or third try ... ... which can really begin to hurt after a few try ... ... .dr. martin novak get it done in one shot ! ! ! go now ... ... .thank me later ... ...
great stuff here ... the cheese plate are great and always changing . awesome staff , and the menu offer an nice variety ! ! ask for tim for your waiter !
this place used to have a great bar/tapas menu with a decent selection of happy hour wine special . now ... not so much . well , during hh , you can get any of the wine under $ 10 for $ 5 . selection by the glass is limited . a for their menu/dinner - this is totally a different story . i have not really been disappointed yet ! the appetizers/small plate all pretty good , i really like the chevre croquette ( $ 7 ) . the salad are good and although i have not gotten the soup anytime lately , i hear great thing from my friend . the entree are always excellent - i usually tend to stick to the seafood ( halibut , $ 29 ) and never have been disappointed ( and importantly , nothing ha ever been overcooked ) . the signature orecchiette dish ( $ 20 ) is soooo delicious - just ignore the fact that it is a heart attack waiting to happen - it is worth it . the dessert are ok , personally , i feel that you would be better advised to stick to filling up on the entree . oh , and let me recommend the blood orange martini if they have it - very very yummy ! and it is nice that you can order veuve cliquot by the glass ( $ 16 ) .prices are a bit high for what you will expect for pittsburgh , but considering the quality of food , i would recommend it.p.s . i have heard that they have a great brunch on sunday . i personally have not tried it , but with the number of compliment i hear , it is probably worth the try ! -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -update 12/9/07 : went to the brunch . what a great deal ! for $ 22 , you get a choice of alcoholic beverage ( bloody mary , mimosa , bellini ) a well a a starter and then the entree . they have a lot of choice , so be prepared to just try one and come back again to try the other stuff ! the smoked salmon appetizer wa good although with too much mayonnaise sauce and for me , too much onion . the truffled potato wa yummy . the arugula salad wa a delicious a ever ! and for entree , we both got the casbah benedict . i have to admit that neither of u wa blown away , but it wa good and filling . i think that we will both be back to try other thing on the menu !
well it is official shadyside is becoming my new favorite area for restaurant . damn you big burrito group with your local ingredient , contemporary design and excellent service . i wa here last night and on a monday this place wa doing brisk business ( definitely a good sign ) . the space itself is beautiful . you enter from s. highland into the outdoor dining area , which because of the heater is viable almost every day of the year . there is plenty of seating outdoors and a few table indoors . the design is contemporary . the bar is large and ha a nice area opposite for more informal seating . the one thing i dislike about the bar area is that the `` stool '' are actually chair that are not moveable , so your distance next to your `` neighbor '' is pre-determined . i also prefer to stand at the bar instead of sitting and this set up make that more difficult . the wine selection is pretty extensive and they have a good happy hour special that any wine or premium cocktail is just $ 5 , which is really good when many of their wine are priced at over $ 10 per glass . the hostess wa very nice and professional even though she wa young taking our name a we went to the bar for a drink and then anticipating our return with two menu in hand . the server wa a nice enough guy and helpful when it came time for our dinner selection . we ordered a bottle of conundrum which is a delicious choice and i guess in line with what others charge . we were started with an olive tepenade ( sp ? ) and some crusty toasted thinly sliced ciabatta i think . the tepenade wa too oily and salty for me , but i guess it is what i should expect since it is ground up olive basically . the bread wa great . it wa warm really hearty bread that wa wheat i think , definitely not white . it wa served with room temperature butter with some sea salt on top . really good start . we then tried the smoked salmon appetizer . i am a huge fan of smoked salmon and wa pleased with the quality of the fish , served nicely with caper and chopped egg . it also wa served with a patatoe pancake that wa crisp on the outside with warm and delicious filling . the only thing i wa a bit perplexed about wa why it wa not served with some type of bread or crouton to put the salmon on . however , the waiter wa happy to oblige by bringing out a few of the toasted ciabatta . we also tried the lamb mac and cheese ( omg wa this good ) . the pasta wa cooked al dente ' and definitely made in house . the sauce and lamb were amazing . this would make a fine entree ' in my opinion and is total comfort food reinvented . the only detraction i will say is that it is a very heavy dish to serve a an appetizer on a summer menu . fiona had the arugula salad which wa nicely prepared with pork belly ( kind of like bacon ) , feta , and a few other interesting ingredient . we also tried the short rib ravioli , which wa incredible a well albeit a heavy dish . by the time we got to this i think we only tried one ravioli each ( plenty of leftover ) . this is such a rich dish , because shortribs are like the epitome ' of richness and then to wrap them in ravioli and add cream sauce is really indulgent . but , then again this is my chef not my cardiologist . i tried the elysian field lamb which wa cooked perfectly medium and then served with their homemade pasta wrapped around some of the lamb a well . this wa really good and the pasta wa a surprise . i actually would have preferred a green vegatable on the side instead of pasta and mashed potato . the bartender are good , especially fionaoverall , a really good place and a nice flagship of the big burrito group .
a the review of casbah appear to be particularly long-winded ... the place is nice , fancy , organic-ish , alternating menu , nice atmosphere . good date restaurant . good food-lovers restaurant .
the food here is pretty good . comparable to any 3 to 3.5 star restaurant . the lamb is definitely good . and it is definitely a good date restaurant . i would rather give it 3.5 star since i have definitely eaten at better restaurant . but for pittsburgh , it rank pretty high up .
i went to casbah for brunch , it is a $ 22 prix-fix , which includes an alcoholic bev , an appetizer and an entree . they use amazingly fresh and yummy fruit and veggie . i had the house made granola which wa just amazing ! toasty and sweet , it wa nothing like the granola you get out of a box . also , while the food is totally fru-fru ( in only the best way : ) and it is a pricey brunch , you get a lot a food . after the great pastry basket , my appetizer , a bellini and a cup of coffee , i had two bite of my omelette and took the rest in a doggy bag ( `` the rest '' included fruit salad , potato , and a croissant ! ) my only complaint would be how long everything took . while i love a leisurely meal , an hour and a half for brunch seemed a bit excessive . i go into brunch groggy , then i have coffee and yummy food , and i am totally amped , ready to face the day ! and then i get to sit . and wait . anyway , it is totally not a big deal , now i will know to make time the next time i go . which is for dinner for a friend birthday . so excited ! !
can be moderately priced for lunch -- take advantage ! we had a cheese tasting simply because i *never* pas up pleasant ridge reserve when given the opportunity . they also choose a lovely soft sheep is milk and an herbed goat cheese from cypress grove . nice work but pricey -- only two slice of baguette and apple ! i had the romaine salad -- should have gone with a sandwich and the delicious looking truffle fry ! the feta and red pepper dressing were just too salty and rich for 1pm . i spied a number of delicious looking sandwich from my table ... service wa great and the waiter even went out of his way to answer a couple question about the cheese selection .
after a long day of recruiting at cmu , i arranged a dinner for 16 people here in casbah ... prefix menu , over all the experience wa ok.break down : scallop - appetizer - i had high expectation but it came out a bit too over spiced . very rich i am glad they only gave me two . fillet mignon - entree - very tender piece of meat but no wear near a good a some of the place here in the silicon valley or even some of the chain steak place like morton's.dessert - the highlight of the of the meal . mango panna cotta with some sorbet . it wa amazing . the consistency of the panna cotta wa perfect . it wa not too dense or too liquidy.being a big burrito restaurant , i expected more but it wa good nonetheless .
so i went back to casbah for dinner and wa totally underwhelmed . the granola i had for brunch ( in my previous review ) wa better than my entire dinner put together . the service wa better at dinner then at brunch , but the food made my rating drop from five star ( probably a little generous ) to three star . definitely go for brunch ! but it is not worth the money for dinner . mediocre food in a nice atmosphere with good service is still mediocre food ...
i am not sure why this place is called casbah . casbah conjures up image of genie and sand dune or something . nothing about this place seems remotely middle eastern to me , other than the name.that aside , good food and great service . definitely a place to impress . i especially enjoy patronizing establishment that focus on seasonable , sustainably harvested ingredient , and although casbah is not doing the whole `` locavore '' thing , it certainly is striving for the organic and seasonal thing . so , off the bat , that give it big point in my book.we started with the calamari and the squash ravioli . skip the ravioli - small and kind of dried out . but the calamari wa meaty and perfectly fried . i actually had to stop because i wa feeling ill from eating too many of them.we all had the argula salad , which wa delicious . quite sizeable too , given the setting . finally , i had the scallop and crab meat ... uh ... pasta dish ( i have no idea what kind of pasta it wa ... sorry ) . which wa quite good . i actually would have preferred it over linguine , i think , but whatever . it wa deelish.not sure why i am not giving this place five star . i really enjoyed it , but it wa not a wow experience . better luck next time perhaps .
another great big burrito restaurant , casbah offer some great wine and spectacular food in some great , and varied , dining rooms.the three dinning room , `` outside , '' inside and downstairs . while downstairs is not always open when it is try and get a seat down there , it is beautiful and quiet . perfect for a larger group of people . outside is always open and you do not really realize you are outside aside from the non-padded patio chair and heat lamp all around.the food is mediterranean fusion , not exactly sure what is meant by that but it is good . the hummus here wa actually the first hummus that i had ever had and i am sorry to say it is what i compare all other to , few match up.the wine list is extensive , but if you are going for an upscale bar this is not the place , for that you will want to go down the road to soba . if you want a nice place to have a drink and a conversation , casbah is it .
i wa pleased to finally find a place in pittsburgh that is worth it for me to spend some money . i tire of eating out only to become dissatisfied knowing i could have made the meal better myself . not here.the food is made to order , seasonal , local , some organic ... in short , they actually care about the quality of the food which is becoming a rare trait in restaurant today . i had made it a point to never eat fish in a pittsburgh restaurant but casbah changed my mind . the cod dish i had wa delicious -- not overcooked , breaded , too oily or too salty ! decor is subtle and great for a date . service wa friendly and accommodating . i will most definitely return !
great great for party and celebration of all kind . the wait staff is extremely knowledgeable of the menu and the wine list . the food is creative and many of the item are organic or locally grown . everything is so fresh and pretty , you almost do not want to eat it . the wine list is extensive , and although it can be pricey , they have great happy hour special .
meh . seriously ? mediterranean ? what ? sorry , but just because you serve scallop on babah ganoush doe not make your restaurant mediterranean.this wa kind of a disappointment , if you could not tell by my sarcastic tone . the food wa good , and i had a great time , but the food lacked the final eyebrow raising component that you come to expect with the bill that follows.that said , the wine list wa good and the price were reasonable relative to the food . get the cheese course for dessert and you will go home happy .
i have been coming to casbah for over a decade ( pretty much since it first opened ) . i very much like the place , and it ha maintained it general character even a the head chef have changed over the year . casbah is very good about continually updating it menu in an effort to stay current and relevant . over the year i have enjoyed many wonderful meal here including a fantastic orrechete ( sp ? ) pasta with chicken and cranberry in a lovely cream sauce , and some of the best pork chop ( double cut ) i have ever encountered ( although i no longer eat mammal , so they are likely to be the best pork chop i will ever eat ) . this is not an inexpensive place , it can be quite pricey for dinner . one plus is that they have a very reasonable brunch on sunday . their arugula salad during brunch with small diced potato and pancetta is fantastic . my one complaint about the salad is that it need a bit of acid . i always ask for a small slice of orange and then squeeze the juice onto the salad . this cut through the fat from the pancetta and make the salad even more tasty.others may disagree , but even though this is a fairly fancy place , it is suitable for child . casbah ha a semi outdoor seating area that is enclosed and heated even in winter . my wife and i have often dined here with our kid . this semi outdoor area is a bit more casual and absorbs the sound of loud child fairly well . you can bring kid without suffering the disdain of any but the most obnoxious of fellow diner .
amazing brunch ! i will never been to casbah before until this past sunday when we decided to check it out for their prix-fixe menu.for $ 22 , you get your choice of alcoholic brunch beverage , an appetizer and an entree . an incredible price for a serious amount of great food . they had many option on their fixed menu - something for everyone . from huge waffle and omelet to lamb dish , fish and the usual brunch regular such a egg benedict too . the appetizer list wa equally a large . i started with a bloody mary . wa a nice middle ground between heavy and light - and it had some kick to it . very good . for an appetizer i got the cheese and fruit plate with french baguette slice . there wa a soft brie-like goat cheese , a blue cheese and a mild dry sheep milk cheese a well . all were wonderful . for my entree i went with the salmon egg benedict . it wa perfect . the fruit on the side wa fresh cut , and the home fry were crispy on the outside , soft on the inside.i tasted a couple of other thing a well . both the polenta and the mushroom soup on the appetizer list were great . did not try any of the other entree , but everyone seemed pleased . the only complaint wa from a friend that ordered the truffle omelet - and it wa that he thought they went too heavy on truffle oil , drowning out the egg . also , service wa absolutely perfect . we had a tall waiter , forget his name , but he wa one of the most professional server i have ever had . the table wa cleared and cleaned immediately ... he wa never pushy , always friendly , and had great suggestion . one of the best experience i have had for restaurant service anywhere.for brunch in pittsburgh , this is my favorite so far . not to be missed ! now i just need to make plan to go back for dinner .
there is a disconnect here between this name , the decor and the food . that said , i had the best pork chop i have ever had here and for that i wa endlessly thankful . good salad , delicious bread and hummus . great service . for pittsburgh , top notch .
my best friend and i went here for dinner today and were very pleased - though i do have to say that we both had our free birthday entree and that undoubtedly influenced thing . i wa surprised at how pricey it wa before the coupon , but everything wa good.we started with two big glass of sangria . i thought the blueberry schnapps flavor wa a little overpowering at first but it either evened out or i got used to it.i had the risotto with morel , pea , and scallion , which wa delicious . i had never had morel before and now i understand why they are so pricey . there wa only a small handful of them on the side of the risotto , but they were delicious . the risotto wa very creamy and flavorful , the kind i wish i could make myself . my best friend had the short rib ravioli , which she really enjoyed . i tried the sauce and it wa not nearly a rich a it looked.we split a creme brulee for dessert , and the waitress very sweetly put candle in it and wrote happy birthday on the rim , which wa a nice touch . the creme brulee wa good but definitely not the best i have ever had . ( that award may go to soba is coffee creme brulee . ) the total bill would have been $ 72 , which seems a bit steep . but it wa a nice restaurant and a really nice atmosphere . the patio wa lovely . i will definitely be back , if not for brunch then absolutely for that delicious risotto !
this is my favorite big burrito restaurant and definitely one of my favorite restaurant in the country . got ta be honest , though . just about every time i will been here , it is with colleague , which mean lot and lot of boozing ! ! therefore , consequently , a a result , in sum , i do not have a crystal clear memory of what i had for appetizer , entree , dessert , etc . what i can tell you is that i had never been disappointed with anything i have ordered here . and believe you me , if the food is not that good , i will remember it no matter how drunk i am . sure , it is not exactly a `` mediterranean '' restaurant , but who care ? the food is great , it is in a super cute hood , the atmosphere is cozy and comfy , and the service is always spot on . i do recall that the very last time i ate here wa with a dear friend and two of her british colleague , and we had ourselves a grand ol ' time . i had the arugula -- one of my favorite word . it is lovely , no ? say it with me . a -ru-gu-la ! fun , right ? ! ! and so flavorful ! ! -- salad and cioppino , which wa outstanding with super freshy fresh ingredient . what about dessert , you ask ? sorry , kid . by that time i really wa drunk , and i can not remember . it wa super tasty , though ! i remember everyone liking mine the best . sure do , sugar ! so pay no mind to others ' taxonomy quip and give this place a whirl . it is a great date or small group place . oh , and super fantastic wine list , too !
excellent place for brunch . for $ 22 , i had a mimosa ; cheese , fruit , and baguette slice ; a waffle with berry and whipped cream ; two piece of bacon ; and a muffin , scone , and biscuit with honey butter from the bread basket . service wa pretty good even though the restaurant wa fairly busy . reservation available through open table . this is definitely a special occasion brunch , but it is surprisingly affordable .
one of my all time favorite restaurant in pgh , casbah is still going strong 15 year later . today is lunch wa a wonderful mac and cheese with braised lamb ; my dining companion enjoyed the corn risotto with shitake mushroom and a side heirloom tomato salad . they use the best fresh local ingredient to craft some of the most delectable , interesting fresh food around . also great for sunday brunch . you will not be disappointed .
excellent excellent brunch spot . for review # 100 , a 5 star review for a 5 star restaurant is definitely fitting.casbah doe brunch , lunch and dinner , but brunch is my favorite meal and also what they do best . i ordered their prixe fixe brunch option which is a choice of an appetizer , brunch dish , and drink for $ 22 . i started off with smoked salmon and had the waitress recommended braised lamb and egg a an entree and a mimosa to drink . my companion ordered butternut squash & apple cider soup , wild mushroom omelet , and a glass of fresh orange juice.while waiting for our food , we munched on their complimentary pastry basket consisting of super moist mini-muffins , scone , and super rich and buttery biscuit with honey butter.the smoked salmon came with caper , minced red onion , crumbled egg , a drizzle of aioli , and a beautiful fried potato cake . there wa just the perfect amount of everything on the dish ; the potato cake wa just big enough to balance out the saltiness of the smoked salmon and the caper of course paired beautifully with the smoked salmon . i tried some of the butternut squash & apple cider soup and it had some a pretty complex flavor.my entree reminded me of an egg benedict with a twist : grilled sourdough topped with spinach , braised lamb shoulder and two poached egg . i love braised meat because braising can do such wonder to tougher cut . the braised lamb shoulder wa flavorful , tender , and super rich . the best part about poached egg is sopping up the extra yolk with bread and it just tasted better with the sauce of the lamb soaking into the sourdough to soften it up a bit . this dish itself is enough to make me a regular . i tried my companion is home fry which came with this slightly spicy ketchup ( i think it is house-made ) and also a piece of her omelet which wa pretty good too.service wa good , ambiance wa good , portion were big , quality wa excellent , and they take reservation . sometimes i do not mind waiting the half hour it take to get seat at some restaurant ( point brugge , coca cafe , etc . ) , but most time i will rather spend time with people in the restaurant at a table rather than waiting outside , especially now with winter approaching .
such a pleasure to dine , on my birthday , at a restaurant with such good food and cocktail right in shadyside . we planned in advance to come here after i received big burrito is free-entree birthday voucher** and after coming here to sample dessert and drink . the food -- short rib ravioli , lamb and polenta , pumpkin cake with ice cream and toffee -- wa insanely rich and tasty and decadent , perfect for a celebratory meal . our server made some clutch drink recommendation too . my favorite : the local martini , all made with locally-sourced ingredient and ridiculously good chevre-stuffed olive . almost like a cocktail and small plate in one.after reading everyone else is review , i hope to come back here next for brunch . **to take big burrito up on this offer , join their mailing list decently before your birthday , and a voucher will come in the mail ! it wa a blissful discovery for a pair of graduate student .
i really wanted to like casbah after checking out the menu online . i really wanted to like casbah once i saw the super cool dark interior of the restaurant . unfortunately , everything started to go down hill from there ... .the waiter wa le than helpful suggesting a wine to accompany our dinner , which i found to be a bit odd at such a nice restaurant . my friend and i order split the tuna tartare and the fennel salad to start . the tartare wa decent but it lacked seasoning and i wa not into the creme fraiche on top . the salad wa ok but nothing to rave about . i had the short rib ravioli after reading the review on yelp , but i did not like the sauce that accompanied it . my friend ordered the risotto with oyster mushroom and she wa also le than enthused.do not get me wrong , nothing about my meal wa terrible , but nothing about my meal wa spectacular either . it look like maybe i should have tried brunch . we shall see if i am willing to give casbah another chance ... .
out of the big burrito group ( not counting mad mex ) this is probably the biggest disappoint of their chain . and this is just not a one time bad experience , i have been here three time and have been le than enthused with the food v price/value.service ha always been good and attentive i enjoy their wine and the selection but on almost every dish there is something is either wrongly out of place or i expected much better for the money i am paying . for example : sumac scallop appetizer , cooked perfectly , but the tartness of the sumac wa not there , the other thing is i can brown a scallop at home , in a restaurant i am looking for a perfectly cooked scallop that ha a nice caramelized sear on it , almost crunchy top juicy center . also why so stingy with the baba ghanoush , 1 tsp , come on , eggplant is that expensive.risotto - over cooked not even a little bit of toothiness to the grain , plus it wa pretty devoid of flavor but seemed to have had the addition of cream and butter to make it creamy.duck entrée , again duck wa perfectly cooked , quince jus wa nice , not overly sweet but the faro did not compliment the dish at all . i even had a dining companion taste the combination and asked if they like it and they said it did not go.pasta entrée with spinach , this could have been good , but spinach wa not washed and had grit in it , this item wa returned and a braised lamb dish wa ordered in it place , the lamb wa slightly undercooked ( read just a little tough ) and jus that went with it wa very watery.if this wa some little bistro where i wa paying $ 20-25 for dinner ( no drink ) i would not be so picky but some of my meal have been north of $ 40 and for that amount of money i expect a little more attention to detail .
i am a big fan of all the big burrito restaurant i have tried ( eleven , umi , mad mex & casbah ) . i think eleven is my favorite , but casbah is a very close second . my most recent trip wa with my wife on 1/15/10 . we started with the grilled flat bread and the butternut squash ravioli . for entree , i had the casbah twice cut pork chop and my wife had a pasta dish with sausage and ricotta . for dessert , i had the creme brulee and my wife had the espresso ice cream / cookie ( it wa really just a fancy chipwich ) . the grilled flat bread came with three different dip , humus , red pepper hummus , and baba ganoush . i really enjoyed all three , but thought the red pepper hummus stood out a the best , although if you are not a fan of garlic you may disagree . the butternut squash ravioli did not impress me much , but my wife really liked it . a far a the entree , we both really enjoyed our meal . my pork chop wa cooked perfectly , and wa anything but dry . the sage aioli that it wa topped with added an excellent flavor . the side were kale , and butternut squash risotto , both of which really shined . i can not describe how amazing the risotto wa , and the kale wa extremely flavorful . i tried my wife is pasta dish , and overall i thought it wa good , but the sausage wa really outstanding . incredibly tender and flavorful . neither of u were too impressed with our dessert . the creme brulee wa very good , but at that point , i expected it to be great . my wife is dessert sort of disappointed , since the cooky were dry . the bill for everything listed above , plus a bottle of red wine ( ~ $ 35 ) wa $ 120 before tip , so it is pricey , but in my opinion totally worth it . also , our server wa very attentive and helpful , without being intrusive . i asked his opinion on the french malbec and he gave me his honest opinion , which wa negative .
one of my favorite restaurant in the world . excellent atmosphere , fantastic food , great wine/drinks . menu change up pretty regularly and i have never had a bad dish there . the stuffed pork loin wa one of my favorite . also they usually have a summer sangria ( even in winter : ) that is delicious . the scallop were also fantastic . the front patio/tent is open year round with heat lamps.revision : i wa just back at casbah for a fundraising dinner . once a month they do a private dinner for a charity - for $ 100 there is a five course meal with wine flight . all proceeds ( not just the profit ) go to the charity.my dinner wa so good , i literally almost cried . the wild mushroom risotto wa bar far one of the the best thing i have ever eaten in my life . short rib ravioli wa my 3rd favorite thing i ate that evening , but i found myself dreaming of it the next morning ! i had low expectation for dessert - it wa a cornbread cake ( weird ! ) but came with a blueberry compote and cream cheese ice cream . the cornbread cake wa an excellent balance between the sweetness of the ice cream and blue berry . it wa amazing ! while i do not believe these are regular menu item , i highlight this because this wa their charity dinner . that they made no money off of . an area where they could skim on quality - but no - it wa amazing . reaffirmed my belief that this is the best restaurant in pittsburgh .
part of the same restaurant group a eleven , which i have eaten at and reviewed here , casbah is a vibrant restaurant in pittsburgh is shadyside district.while the menu change daily , there are several mainstay available on most evening . one of them , the pork chop , is one of the finest i have ever had . double cut , juicy and flavorful , it is an absolute winner . braised kale and butternut squash risotto accompany this perfect dish.i managed to sample two other dish ( courtesy of my willing dinner mate ) that are also noteworthy . the short rib ravioli is an excellent combination of tender , richly flavored beef rib and toothy pasta . the ricotta cavatelli combine fresh , simple ingredient into a well structured dish.service wa a little hit or miss the evening i wa there . part of that may be because we were a large group and the restaurant wa rather busy . however , for an establishment of this caliber , i do expect more . nevertheless , i plan on trying casbah again on my next trip to pittsburgh .
we decided to give brunch a try for our first visit to casbah . we were surprised by the huge tent covering the `` outdoor '' dining area . we opted for an inside table , the interior is somewhat small the table are close together . for brunch , you are served your choice of drink , appetizer and entree . for our drink , bj had a bloody mary and i had a bellini . we were served a basket of yummie bread and mini muffin . for appetizer , we got a three sister farm mesclun green and smoked salmon and truffled potato cake . very good . for entree we selected a jumbo lump crab & tomato omelet and the ny strip steak . very relaxing and tasty meal .
i wa determined to let this one pas ( experience wa not worth commentary ) until i made a disturbing discovery ... i made a reservation for inside . they sat u outside . that turned out to be preferable to u because the table that were available inside were very close to others . the patio wa spacious and decorated with bust , slightly preferable to the inner cheap.trendy.interiors.com shit . have you seen the terrible bathroom wallpaper border ? probably not , a the lady room is a very dim place ; do not expect to be able to notice that your botox implant is crooked . anyway , it wa hot under the space-ray heater on the patio , making for a sweaty and ice-instantly-melted beverage winter night . the food wa alright with some interesting flavor pairing , but it wa certainly not quite worth the price . the bread wa the best i have had in pittsburgh . our server made it seem that everything she wa doing wa somebody else is job , in fact , it wa mostly other people who delivered , which made it confusing in term of knowing who to ask for thing and whether or not to factor some of the fine service into the tip that presumably go mostly to the primary server who wa sub-par for upscale dining ; our question for the kitchen left unanswered , `` the host is supposed to do that but i will ... '' run on . when i described the quality i wa looking for in my wine choice during beverage inquiry , she just stared blankly and waited for me to decide . the wine list did not include description . the gal who delivered the wine thankfully did describe it before popping the top and it wa determined that i did not want this cheapest option before me ! she described another bubbly that sounded and wa , according to my own taste , delightful . i wa so very satisfied with the sparkling sensation of the meal that i sought it out at the wine and spirit store . this wa the moment that my minor disappointment in the value of my special-occasion dinner at casbah turned into a feeling of devastating violation . i am talking about a 400 % markup on the retail price of this wine . if you want to do your own math : at casbah the 1/2 bottle of gruet blanc du noirs cost $ 35 , while a whole bottle at w & s is priced at $ 16.99 . you can bet that i will choose to enjoy this wine elsewhere , like avenue b ( byob ) , next time . casbah is lacking the quality service , honesty and original ambiance that should accompany creative food at moderately high price . **update : i recently saw a full size bottle of the gruet on a restaurant menu for $ 30 ; casbah , take a tip !
i went on a date with my girlfriend here , and it wa a great experience . charming outside dining area with excellent service and a knowledgeable staff . i will say that the food wa a bit overpriced , but that is to be expected in shadyside . great selection of fresh seafood - i had the salmon and it wa delicious . reasonably priced wine list , a well . i would recommend casbah for a special event or if you are rolling in the $ $ .
my boyfriend took me to casbah for my birthday this march . this is one of our twice-a-year splurge and i have been wanted to go to this restaurant for ages.we were seated outside , in the covered , heated patio . we were far enough away from the heater that we did not get too hot , and far enough from the door that we did not get too cold . the menu ha changed slightly since we dined there , but some of the thing have stayed the same.we started with the sheep is milk gnudi , which is like ravioli without the pasta . i have a gluten allergy and i have missed ravioli quite a bit , so i wa happy to eat this . the flavor of the sheep is milk is quite strong and unique , which i like . for entree , i had the double-cut pork chop . this wa absolutely great - the flavor and texture of the pork , butternut squash risotto , braised kale , garlic cream , and sage jus went really well together . it wa an enormous portion , a well - i took some home and ate it the next day ! my boyfriend had the seared rare tuna . he wa le thrilled with his dish , and when i tasted it , i agreed . i normally love seared tuna but this wa not the best treatment of it . it tasted a little too `` fishy '' and i did not think the other flavor complimented the tuna . instead of dessert , we sampled two dessert wine recommended to u by the server . i do think that $ 10 is a little much to charge for such a small glass of wine , but i guess that is what you have to expect when you dine at this level.we are great fan of the big burrito restaurant , and i think we preferred our experience at soba to casbah . while our food wa really good , the price were a little unreasonably high . and i would not recommend the seared tuna !
went here on father is day with my best friend and it wa oddly not crowded at 11:30am on a sunday . anyway , we got the brunch prix fixed meal with mimosa ! yum . we sat outside and it wa just a nice cool environment with the overhang of plant and vine . for my 2 course i got the cinnamon polenta which is basically like oatmeal but much more creamier . it wa honestly , amazing . i loved it . it came with some almond and some cranberry , but the polenta itself wa great . i would come back just to have that for breakfast . for the main dish i got a crab omelette . it came with fresh fruit and potato fingerling . the potato were great and the omelette wa ok. not the best i have had , but any place with crab in an omelette should get credit.it wa a great brunch and i wa stuffed by the end . this place wa courteous and the waitress wa attentive but not overbearing . we had a great time here and it is just a nice place to relax .
for our last lunch in pittsburgh we decided to return to the big burrito group ; eleven wa quite good and both gayot and pittsburgh magazine compared the experience at casbah favorably to that of big burrito is crown jewel . citing a mix of mediterranean and northern african influence with a bargain piccola gusto menu for lunch and the option for indoor or al fresco dining it seemed a if casbah wa a can not miss option ... well , sometimes thing do not turn out quite a you expect - almost everything that transpired from the moment we arrived until the moment we left wa a failure.when our server , a young woman named amanda l who would prove quite inept and inefficient from start to finish , finally did arrive our menu were delivered with a brief hello before she wandered away - another server later stopped by to fill our water and drink were never even offered . when amanda finally did return she wa capable of answering a couple question about portion size and our order were placed . with my mom and sister opting for the two-course gusto lunch and myself choosing two course a la carte we sat and sipped our water.waiting approximately 10 minute another ancillary server arrived with bread and butter - a light and airy white bread with a hefty crust paired with a sweet and salted cow is milk butter - decent , but nothing to write home about compared to the myriad bread option at eleven . after this point we would not see another staff member for 30 minute ... well , we would see them , they just would not be walking anywhere near our table - instead bussing table and running around while the hostess flirted with a man at the bar ... i will note that my water glass remained empty for greater than 15 minutes.finished with our first course approximately 10 minute would pas - long enough for me to actively collect each and every plate and stack them at the empty seat of our four-top - before amanda would finally return to collect the dirty plate ... we will not see her again until 15 minute later when she filled our water glass and told u our main course would be `` right out . '' while i guess she did not define `` right out , '' what this actually meant wa `` in 25 minute . '' starting first with my mother is combo - jumbo lump crab , pepper bacon , avocado , radish sprout , on a paesano bun and orecchiette pasta with grilled chicken , dried cranberry , riverview farm goat cheese , sage cream . while the sandwich may not be memorable , the pasta wa actually quite impressive . using a le salty cheese and mild cream to flavor the al dente little ear of pasta worked wonder while the sweet/savory mélange of craisins and grilled chicken were a nice match.vastly le well done than my mother is plate would be my sister is option - the grilled vegetable , portobello , zucchini , eggplant , arugula , chickpea hummus , on baguette and maccheretto pasta with wild mushroom , white bean , sun-dried tomato , rapini pesto , fontina , walnut . beginning with the sandwich , the bite i had wa good in taste but rather mushy in consistency - too many similar vegetable texture and the hummus spread too thickly . moving on to the pasta - we all tasted it , but i am still not sure what we were supposed to be tasting - it tasted like watery cheese ... no spice , no salt , and certainly nothing resembling pesto or tomato . for the first time in the meal amanda actually opted to check on u approximately 10 minute into our main course and when told of the watery pasta she did apologize and offered to replace it with something else - more orcchiette.for my main course i received a simple side salad-fresh green , crispy onion string , and a pleasant vinaigrette . the salad , of course , wa served alongside elysian field lamb `` mac and cheese '' , tubetti pasta , mascarpone , cheddar , pecorino-romano , and bread crumb . piping hot and browned with crispy bread crumb the dish wa a decent macaroni and cheese , but honestly the lamb wa so scarce and thinly cut that it added little.completing our main approximately 110 minute after entering casbah we again waited nearly ten minute before anyone would stop by to collect dirty plates-a different ancillary server this time . with my mother and sister already deciding enough wa enough they stood up to use the restroom before leaving-by the time amanda would stop by to ask if anyone would care for dessert our two course meal had lasted 2:05 and i skipped on a menu entailing bread pudding , carrot cake , and panna cotta with `` just the bill . `` settling the bill via credit card no tip wa left because no tip wa deserved - in reality amanda may have actually be the worst server i have encountered at a fine dining establishment in the last 2 year . i will note that when i wrote to big burrito wa met by a ( seemingly ) sincere apology without excuse - the manager stated thing do not ' normally happen like that and he will be sure the issue wa addressed . he closed with `` i hope you will join u again . '' i will not .
i ate here in january and wa very impressed . we ate in the basement , although casbah ha two floor and outdoor seating . i thought the atmosphere wa very good , and the fish ( i forget the exact dish ) wa well-prepared.this is on the expensive side , but worth it for a special occasion .
another one of pittsburgh is finest restaurant . the best thing about casbah are it is very cool atmosphere , good service ( a very friendly hostess and knowledgeable server ) .i had a wine flight ( they have a good wine selection ) , and several appetizer , soup and salad . everything wa delicious , especially the complimentary bread and they olive oil-based stuff you can put on it . most of the ingredient come from local farm and food supplier , and i really liked they even gave them credit on the menu , the first time i have ever seen that in a restaurant ( should not they deserve at least a much credit a the chef ? after all , they spend month growing the stuff chef spend maybe second using ) .the atmosphere is really cool , i recommend sitting out on the patio in summer . the only negative thing i can say about casbah is the high price for relatively little food and the misleading name ( i expected more of a middle eastern menu and vibe ) .
casbah is great for a special occasion or if you feel like splurging . the atmosphere is very nice and the food is fantastic . the beer selection is above average .
i had lunch here on a hot saturday , so we skipped the outdoor seating in the front and opted for the air-conditioned interior . the sweet corn fondue appetizer wa a definite highlight of the lunch . i had thought that the cheese might drown out the flavor of the corn , but both flavor held their own very well . the chanterelle mushroom and goat cheese omelet i had a my entree wa okay but not outstanding . i did , however , enjoy the mesclun salad that came with the omelet , especially the vinaigrette and fried shallot slice . dessert wa a semolina cake with macerated fresh peach and cream cheese ice cream ( think cheesecake flavored ) . the bookend of my meal were so delicious that i wa not all that disappointed by the middle portion of it.while i can not afford casbah on a regular basis a a grad student , the price are not exorbitant . there is even a lunch special for $ 14 , which give you two course : either a salad or cup of soup , and your choice of a pasta , risotto , or half a sandwich . i did not choose this option , but it seems like a reasonably-priced way to sample several thing on the menu.our server wa very professional , and checked on u after every course ( the appetizer , entree and dessert ) . i will definitely keep casbah in mind for special occasion in the future . it is classy without being pretentious or stuffy .
if i could , i will dock a half star after my second visit . but i feel positively enough about my first meal there , that taking off a whole star seems harsh . i got a free entree coupon for my birthday , for signing up for big burrito is mailing list , and decided to revisit casbah . the good : we got to enjoy the patio even though the weather wa a little cool because it wa heated . my maccheretto , a pasta entree with white bean , sun-dried tomato , pesto and walnut , wa very good . the pasta wa al dente and the white bean were perfectly cooked ( not mushy ) . it wa maybe a touch too salty ( the fontina , maybe ? ) , but i wa happy with the choice . now , onto the weird . after taking our order , our waiter asked if we wanted bread with our big-calorie pasta dish . checking if we want bread is fine -- but , umm , he could have left out the comment about the pasta ? my friend and i are both twentysomething woman . luckily , we are not that insecure about our body . we like to eat . yes , bring the bread.when he brought our entree , he sang `` happy birthday to you , happy birthday to you '' under his breath a he put my pasta in front of me . i do not like people singing to me at restaurant , so i am grateful it wa not audible to everyone else on the patio -- but a simple `` happy birthday '' would have sufficed . then when he cleared our plate , he asked if my dish wa `` everything [ i ] wanted , and more . '' i appreciate the gesture , but it felt artificial.he asked if we will like to see the dessert menu -- and added that he wa supposed to ask that , that we should not feel obligated . uh , what ? i think this and the bread/pasta comment bothered me the most . to redeem the birthday coupon , you have to show an id . i recently cut my hair , so it is different than my license photo . when he returned my id to me , our waiter said , `` i like the short hair . '' if this had been the only unusual statement he had made during the meal , i would have taken it a a compliment . i guess it is one . but when considered with all the other weird thing , it just felt like he wa trying way too hard and my friend and i both felt awkward.the food here is good and i feel that the service this time wa unusual , and the more professional service i had on my first visit here is closer to the norm . i will feel leery , though , if i were to have this particular server again .
the food wa excellent -- i had the roasted garlic cream appetizer and orecchiette , but between our table , we tried half of the menu with no complaint . the port flight wa unique and the wine list wa good . the bartender ha a little trouble with our cocktail order , but those were good a well . the covered patio wa perfect for a friday evening in late august -- it wa pouring outside and we stayed dry . the service wa so-so , which i am docking a star for . the server wa attentive , but she wa a little slow . she also spilled the apple icewine on two of u while bringing out desert and we were charged for those drink . it get crowded , so make a reservation.mad mex is still my favorite big burrito restaurant , but casbah is great for a more formal gathering or date night .
nice menu , nice atmosphere . i will definitely be back . nyc price
i ate here for brunch on sunday . it is $ 22 and you may have to roll yourself out after . it included a mimosa/bloody mary , appetizer , and main plate . i had the fruit and cheese along with the brioche french toast . all wa great . they could have had some more flavorful cheese , but the atmosphere and kind service made up for the lackluster cheese . the bacon and potato fingerling were absolutely amazing ! i will definitely be returning for brunch !
great atmosphere and great food . while the menu change seasonally , my group all enjoyed the food - crab/scallop pasta , pumpkin risotto and rare tuna.casbah also ha a great wine list , and great service that is there when you need them , but doe not annoy .
i have been here twice now , once for drink and once for dinner , and i will have to say that generally , i am a fan . their happy hour ha some good deal - $ 6 cocktail and glass of wine , and $ 1 of bottled beer . it wa a fun , trendy atmosphere and a nice place to go for a glass of sangria after a busy day.i came back for dinner a month or so later . we had reservation ( on a monday night ) and were seated immediately -even though the restaurant wa surprisingly busy . we sat in the covered area out front - sort of like sitting in a dim , mediterranean garden . and yes - the light are low throughout the whole restaurant . even with my young eye , i still needed a candle to read the menu . but it is romantic and a peaceful place to eat . a little uncomfortable , a they have metal chair ( sort of like upscale patio furniture ) , but not a big deal . sit inside at a booth if you need to sit on something soft.the menu is pricey and we are all poor , so we just got entree . i actually had a cocktail to start - the perfect pear - with elderflower liqueur , vodka , sage , pear , and vermouth . there wa even a little sage leaf floating in the glass . it wa a wonderful drink , with all the flavor i love . still , for the price , i think the portion wa a little stingy . when i buy an $ 11 cocktail , i like it to really fill the glass . we nibbled on warm bread while we waited , and all tried their pesto on top - i think it wa an unusual homemade pesto , something like walnut-watercress ? it wa a bit bland - i think regular basil pesto would have been a better choice.things got better during the actual dinner . i ordered the heritage farm chicken which wa juicy and fresh , and served with a tangy pasta . each little detail of the dish wa well-chosen - honestly , even the grilled baby squash wa outstanding . it is just squash ! but somehow , it wa heavenly . my friend enjoyed her cioppino , and my boyfriend liked his veal tortellini , complete with rich piece of lobster . i tried a little bit , and it wa tasty - very herbal and really bursting with flavor . the only dish that fell a little flat wa the potato gnocchi - my friend is boyfriend ordered it . actually he liked most of it very much , but he could not get past the aggressive bitterness of the turnip green . i tasted them too , and i have to say - it wa off-putting . perhaps that is just the way turnip green are , but it really did not work for u in the dish . fortunately , the waitress wa incredibly kind and helpful , and brought him out a new plate sans green , which he finished happily.we also had a few dessert - vanilla bean creme brulee for u , flourless chocolate torte for them . i did not taste it , but apparently it wa incredibly rich . i enjoyed our creme brulee - because i enjoy all creme brulee - although the roasted quince on top did not quite work for me . overall , the meal ranged between good and very good , but the great service from our waitress really pushed this to a 4 star rating . i had hoped to be a little more wowed by the food . but this experience wa definitely positive enough to warrant a second visit for dinner . i think it will be a nice place to go for a special occasion , or if you feel like a little splurge on a flavorful meal .
very tasty food and drink ! it a little pricey , but worth it if you want something better than a typical chain .
the interior is very nice . the food is a hit or miss . we went for brunch today . you can select a drink ( alcoholic or non ) , an appetizer , and a brunch entree for the price of $ 22 . the appetizer we had ( pollenta and squash & chestnut soup ) were very good . the entree , on the other hand , left a lot to be desired . we got the mushroom omelet and jumbo lump crab and tomato omelet . the omelet wa very bland . it did not have much flavor and needed seasoning and more ingredient than just egg . basically , i have had better omelet at some denny is . my drink mimosa wa just ok. my girlfriend is blood mary wa delicious , though -- uniquely spicy . i have been to casbah 4 time , last time being for brunch today . the first time , it wa good , worthy of 4 star . it gradually went down to 3 star . the wine selection is good . but the food is definitely hit or miss . once i had a halibut that smelled like the ocean . it wa not well cooked or fresh , or something . consistency is the key in a nice restaurant ; casbah leaf much to be desired in this regard .
great food and very nice decor , one of my favorite restaurant outside downtown pitt . the best place around pitt are the bar or bar/restaurants ( some of the best in the country imo ) . but if you are looking for a straight-up classy place to eat , it is a tough place to beat .
last night wa the first time that we had been to casbah in a long time - we used to absolutely love it , but a couple of disappointing brunch and dinner experience had put u off of it . however , we decided to give it another chance , and i am glad that we did . even though we had a reservation , we were seated ( without them asking u our preference ) in the front area , but that wa fine , since the heater kept it toasty warm . it wa also a great table thanks to our terrific waitress . wow , wa she cheerful and friendly ! she wa also helpful with making recommendation - when i asked her about the cocktail , she pointed out the relatively new `` beet and potato , '' which had beet-infused vodka a one of the main ingredient . it wa a cool cocktail - an interesting blend of savory and sweet , and very seasonally appropriate . i do not know if i would order it again , but i am very glad i had it once.for dinner , i ended up having a soup and then an appetizer , since i wa not too hungry . the caramelized onion soup wa so warming - it wa like an update of the classic french onion soup . the broth wa not too salty ( a common problem with onion soup ) , and the onion had been braised perfectly . everything wa just the right texture a the onion , broth , and `` crouton '' blended together.i ordered the sheep is milk gnudi for my main course . even though it came in an appetizer-sized portion , it wa still a lot of food , since the gnudi are so filling . the gnudi were nicely molten in the middle , and just the right softness on the outside . there were a variety of accompaniment to the gnudi , but the standouts were the brussel sprout . i am actually not a huge fan of sprout , but i ate every one in the dish . they were light and buttery , solid but not rock-hard , and had just a trace amount of bitterness left . that is how sprout should taste ! even though i did not plan on ordering dessert , i ended up getting the warm walnut baklava with cinnamon ice cream . the warmth of the baklava melted the ice cream nicely , and the flavor just blended together on the plate . the baklava wa quite traditional in it assembly and spice blend , but the extra cinnamon with cream gave the whole dessert just a bit of extra oomph.in summary , i am glad that we gave casbah another try . i wish that they would go back to offering all of their pasta in both entree and appetizer size , and i miss the crazy variety of wine flight that they used to have ( it seems like they just have 4 now ) , but it is still a great dinner destination .
disappointing . my bf and i went for just dessert and wine , which we told the hostess ahead of time . the waitress wa very curt and disrespectful . we were rushed to order ( even though there were plenty of empty table and it wa not closing time ) . she did not offer suggestion or advice.we ended up ordering the flourless chocolate cake . the cake wa extremely rich ( but delicious ! ) and the portion wa just right for sharing after dinner . the marscapone wa silky and paired perfectly with the cherry on top.the waitress kept coming back to see if we were done and ready for our check . after we got the check , she wa in a hurry to get u out the door . i am completely dissatisfied with the service and will not go back to this restaurant simply because of it .
in order of consumption ... the bar is energetic , but ha the worst and completely immovable bar stool ever created . we were initially placed outside in the all year round patio ... absolutely no atmosphere , so we asked for a table inside ... 20 minute later we were inside which had a much better vibe . i started with the blue bay mussel which were truly the best i have ever had , plump , juicy and perfectly complemented by the chorizo and white bean , absolutely sublime . my wife had the veal meatball that were also delicious . for the entree i had the lamb loin with couscous and my wife had the veal tortellini , although very tasty we oth agreed that both were too rich . my only criticism would be that all the entree looked rich .
i have to agree with the `` hit or miss '' reviewer about casbah , at least when it come to the food . i came here for brunch last weekend with a big group . they were very accomodating to u throughout the reservation process and the brunch , which wa good . and our waiter , daniel , wa great . the previous reviewer who said the bloody mary is the best drink wa spot-on . it had a great spice and wa the only drink that seemed like it had any alcohol in it at all . the mimosa and sangria were very `` eh . '' i loved my smoked salmon appetizer ( and that did seem to be the hit at the table ) , but entree around the table left people disappointed . the goat cheese and mushroom omelette could have had a heckuva lot more goat cheese and mushroom , and my scallop/sausage/grits/egg dish just had way too much going on . the grit were actually fabulous , but the scallop were overcooked and got lost next to the scrambled egg ( ? ) and sage sausage crumbles . if i lived in pittsburgh , i could see myself coming back here for wine and appetizer , but i am not sure i would make it a regular brunch or dinner spot .
casbah is more like a 3.5 but i rounded down : ) we arrived after happy hour at soba , apparently owned by the same people , for dinner . there were four of u , and they started u out with delicious drink . i had the margarita topped with malbec which wa surprisingly yummy . for appetizer we tried the meatball and the grilled trip of flatbread with mediterranean dip . for main , i had the rare seared tuna , andrea had the salmon , and allejandro and elie both had the gnocchi . everything wa ok to start and the main were all good , although they rely heavily on butter and huge portion for their mainstay of flavor and satisfaction . it wa interesting to have such big portion after nyc where i am used to portion control , but i decidedly prefer more reasonable portion ( maybe somewhere in between ) . all in all , a nice garden , pleasant and a good place for conversation .
had a very lack-luster mother is day brunch at casbah yesterday . despite having a very late reservation time of 2:30 p.m. , we were seated in the dungeon-like basement dining room . i asked for table upstairs in the daylight but there wa allegedly no way to accommodate my request . worst part about the basement is the thumping from the sub-woofer located above -- really ridiculous . service wa fine . timing of drink and first brunch course were acceptable given it wa a busy day , but then gap of 35+ minute for entree left u all sitting there , not enjoying the dark of the basement nore the perpetually thumping base . an utterly forgettable mother is day brunch ( luckily she took it in stride ) but i think casbah will not be at the top of the list in my book for quite awhile .
i came here with a friend for her birthday , and the food really is not particularly special . portion are decent , and i guess the price are reasonable ... if they had better food . the outside of restaurant make me think that the inside will be just a square and boring , but the inside patio area wa pretty nice actually.overall , i just wa not very impressed with the food . if i wa offered to eat this food for free , sure , i will take a helping , but probably not second .
rock the casbah ! rock the casbah ! a group of u went to the casbah for a girl ' ( and one guy ) lunch . it ha been age since i have been to the casbah , and since i live clear across the country , i wa looking forward to going back . all of u enjoyed our meal -- many ordered the jumbo lump crab chopped salad or the wild mushroom and goat cheese omelet . both were nice portion . i wa fixated on the orecchiette pasta , grilled chicken , dried cranberry , capriole goat cheese , sage cream , and it wa a home run ! ( i wa not watching calorie that day ! ) service wa excellent . . . surprisingly so , especially with a table of eleven , a bunch of `` sally '' and one `` harry '' if you know what i mean .
casbah is the type of restaurant that i find most difficult to write about.i came here recently with my beau for a special birthday dinner , seeing a they had several vegetarian option on their menu . we booked our reservation on opentable , which i wa glad to see that they actually used . i noted that both of u diner were vegetarian and found that our server and hostess were very accommodating in that respect.we were seated outside , which offered u a pleasant experience on their lovely patio . their ambiance is nice and their service outstanding . i found that everyone there knew what they were talking about and possessed a deep passion for food , a opposed to obnoxious pretense which upscale restaurant like casbah can have.as for the food , it wa above average . nothing outstanding , but definitely still tasty . my boyfriend ordered the gnocchi ( made veg ) , which turned out to be excellent , while i got the cavatelli ( also made veg ) . we also shared a half-order of the torchetti and unfortunately , neither the cavatelli nor the torchetti stood out too much . the gnocchi and the appetizer ( grilled chickpea flatbread ) were by far the highlights.in the end , come here for the service and ambiance , but do not expect to have the meal of your lifetime .
of the big burrito group restaurant casbah is the one that ha never failed u . consistent and delicious with great flavor of the mediterrean . all of the dish are served with great flavor from their pasta to their duck but their signature arugula salad is a reason in and of itself to visit . crisp clean flavor with complex combination of textures.special occasion or hungry on a week night ... casbah is a great stop
my husband and i went to casbah to celebrate my birthday one evening . we were seated on the patio which wa fine before a party of 20 wa seated with a 1 year old who wa banging his silverware on the table all night . so much for romantic ! ever hear of a babysitter ? anyway , ambience aside , let is get to the food which overall i would give a c+ . we started with the veal and pork meatball which were the highlight of the meal . the perfect blend of sweet ( fresh tomato sauce ) and spicy -- the meatball had a nice tang , and the polenta wa delicious albeit there wa not much of it there . we each then had the heirloom tomato salad which wa tasteless . i grow heirloom and know the intense and wonderful flavor they should have . these tasted like a grocery store tomato bought in december . very disappointing . i opted for the cavatelli entree which wa not prepared a described on the menu . it wa swimming in tomato sauce and overall wa very bland . another disappointment . my husband had the pork chop which wa not bad but certainly did not leave u wanting to return here for the food . all this said , the service wa professional , we enjoyed the drink ( he had the sangria and i their house cosmopolitan ) and had a lovely bottle of wine . i might return here for happy hour but it wa not the right choice for a romantic special occasion dinner . and we had the decency to hire a babysitter for our child , otherwise we would have stayed home .
i finally went to casbah for brunch today . rolled in at 10am to meet a handful of people . because it is labor day weekend , the place wa empty except for a woman who had just gotten there too which wa nice because a friend had warned me that the place get crazy . we sat outside and atmosphere wa cozy under the tent with the warm color of the decor . our waitress wa incredibly friendly and presented u with the menu . i think it is great they have a prix fixe brunch - 1 alchy or nonalchy drink , an appetizer and an entree - but for $ 24 . it look like they have since raised the price since mile o. went . i felt it wa just a tad steep and a lot of food but took the plunge anyway . i ordered the smoked salmon for the appetizer and the mushroom omlette for my entree , and had a hot coffee ( they did not have ice coffee though offered to put ice with hot coffee if i wanted it ) . the waitress brought out some delicious mini baked treat before we got our dish - poppy scone ( on the crispier side but delicious ) , blueberry muffin and biscuit , which were all buttery goodness . after eating these i wa getting a little full and then after my appetizer i realized i probably should not have gotten the prix fixe but could have would have should have . i ended up boxing half of my omlette entree . portion were large , atmosphere wa cool , food wa good and wait staff were awesome but in the end i do not think $ 24 ( not including the tip and tax ) wa worth it .
my fiance and i like to go to casbah for special occasion and each time it never disappoints . the food is great ( i highly recommend the pork chop and the short rib ravioli ) , the drink are wonderful ( i am a sucker for good sangria - and casbah is is wonderufl ) and the service is outstanding ( our server are always friendly , prompt and very knowledgeable ) .
i had heard from friend that casbah wa one of the best restaurant in pittsburgh , and my experience definitely lived up to the hype . i do not know how a place owned by a company called big burrito group churn out such outstanding mediterranean fare , but i wa impressed . everything wa done right -- the ambiance wa sophisticated yet unpretentious , service wa professional , and the wine list wa impressive , especially the by-the-glass option , which were necessary since i wa dining solo . the food ( i started with grilled spanish octopus and then had the halibut ) wa all fresh and prepared to perfection , with inventive flavoring that complimented rather than overwhelmed the dish themselves . i am not in pittsburgh often -- too bad , it is a beautiful city -- but i would visit casbah again without hesitation .
um . a little bummed . i had high expectation , but left feeling just ... meh.the restaurant is really cool looking but i wa a little confused by the bar set up . we sat at the bar because they did not have any table open . i usually do not mind sitting at the bar but the stool are bolted to the floor , and about 2 foot from each other . if you have three people with you , forget about mingling ! also , the service wa very iffy . there wa a bartender , and then a server for the bar area ( or what it seemed like ) . the bartender got u our drink , but never told u a server would be with u . i figured she wa our server too . but then some other woman came up to u all flustered . she never introduced herself , just asked what we wanted and kept saying `` okay , okay , okay . '' just very odd . it continued that way the entire time.i tried the prix fixed brunch for $ 24 , which includes your choice of an alcoholic bevvie ( bloody mary , sangria or mimosa ) , appetizer and main course . i had the mimosa , that wa the perfect mix ( splash of oj : ) , polenta and egg beni . the cinnamon polenta , which wa delish : light , fluffy and warm with dried fruit and almond on top . i loved it ! the egg beni with smoked salmon . it wa just okay . i kept trying to think pf what wa missing and i believe it wa that the hollandaise sauce had no real taste . i expect hollandaise sauce to be rich and creamy , this wa thin and blah . i definitely want to go back and try the dinner , see if maybe i will have a little better luck . so kick it up a notch casbah , you have been around for a while , but i still expect good food !
out of towner that happened to stumble upon this gem . thanks , siri . wow ! what a great experience . fantastic , wine , food and service .
passed this restaurant for year on my way to buffalo blue or more recently mad mex but have never actually eaten here . having finally come for lunch , i overall enjoyed it but it had some ups and some down . i ordered the piccola gusto menu which for me included the cream of cauliflower soup , the orecchiette pasta and the roasted turkey sandwich . it sound like a lot of food but the pasta serving is mini and it is a half sandwich . for me , the size wa just right . the soup wa awesome , and i could have eaten an entire lunch of just it . the pasta wa a little too creamy for me and just did not have enough seasoning or spice . i did love the addition of the cranberry in it though . the perfect amount of sweet to offset the cream . the roast turkey sandwich wa just that . not out of this world , but not bad . my biggest complaint wa the service . it took a really long time to get our meal which is always a bad thing during a weekday lunch . i will like to go back here for a happy hour when it is warm so i can enjoy the covered patio though and a nice glass of wine !
so i hated this soba place owned by the same people , and i happen to stumble into this joint for lunch . it had a great sandwich ( crab ) and the soup wa pretty decent ( cream of cauliflower ) . not sure how they are owned by the same people a soba ( i mean , obviously different chef ) but usually the same owner mean similar quality and price , no ? maybe the dish are just hit and miss , and i got a hit here , whereas i had a serious miss over at soba . in any case , the crab sandwich wa good -- nice , large chunk of crab . no overkill on the sauce . the soup wa likewise good . i do not understand how the two restaurant could possibly be related given the night and day of my food experience ! the wine , however , wa overpriced for the quality . i guess people are not from sf and expect good wine for the same price ! save your money , buy a nice $ 40-60 bottle at home and have a much better vino experience but pay le ( or the same ! ) .
this review is for brunch only ! i have never been here for dinner ... but been here quite a few time for brunch.casbah is brunch is a prix fixe ... which at first seems expensive , but when you realize the amount of food you are getting , it is sooo not . you get an appetizer , entree , and drink ( yes , a real drink , with alcohol ) for just $ 24 . i usually end up spending more at my other big burrito brunch spot , kaya , so i consider this a pretty good deal.they start you off with a basket of muffin and biscuit with honey butter on the side . and it is refillable . try to restrain yourself from eating too many baked good though , so you can get to the real food . for appetizer , everything i have had wa pretty good ( polenta and the salad have been my faves ) , but for the entree , there is only one thing you should order : the lamb & egg ! crusty sourdough bread topped with spinach topped with braised lamb shoulder and roasted garlic , topped with poached egg . one of the best thing i have ever eaten in the morning . the scallop scramble is just okay , the steak & egg are pretty delish ... but the lamb & egg is by far the best thing on the brunch menu.this is one of the few place where i do not opt for the bloody mary ... it is pretty blah . i do their salty dog with freshly squeezed grapefruit juice , or sometimes get it sans alcohol if i am really feeling the pain from saturday night.unfortunately , while i love the atmosphere , i feel like the service is lacking . i can not explain why , but it always feel awkward and doe not hold up to the standard set at other big burrito spot ( even mad mex ) . i know it get busy on sunday , but still . service issue aside , the food is still worth it .
very expensive for a college student , but quite good.i would recommend this if you enjoy european food in general .
you know what is good ? tomato-basil soup with cream in it . and even better ? finding a way to eat on the patio in january . where the dining room at casbah is intimate and warm , the patio is bright , open and shielded from the element . the waitstaff wa friendly and helpful , and the lunch special were actually special - good flavor , slightly indulgent , but you do not leave feeling overstuffed . i want to eat my way through the menu .
loved it . great service , great food , great wine . very yummy .
this place wa recommended by an employee at evolve spa across the street and i wa very happy with the restaurant . the salmon appetizer wa delicious a wa the gnocchi meal . i will definitely go back to this restaurant when i visit the area .
food phenomenal ! service can be hit or miss .
1 . sat outside on patio metallic chair and table , when we made reservation expecting to sit in the restaurant , not outside ! there wa no information about this . if the restaurant inside seat g is full . then they should mention to the customer making reservation that they will be sitting outside ! ! ! 2 . food is mediocre at best ! they even screwed my order . asked for risotto and got some pasta , not sure what.3 . asked for two cab , someone at restaurant changed it to one big cab instead which could not hold all of u so we had to wait for another 25 min for another one ! ! would not recommend to anyone . enough other good restaurant in pittsburgh to go to . they have to have paid their way into magazine rating them highly !
ate lunch at casbah for the first time . tried the piccolo gusto : $ 15 get you a small choice of salad , a half sandwich and a half portion of a pasta or risotto . great deal and fantastic food . argula salad , shodt rib sandwich and wild mishroom/truffle risotto . no need for dinner today !
very refined serviceexcellent dessertsnice salad - not a fan of the cuisine - nothing against casbah
overall a good experience . food wa mostly very good . my sweet pea risotto wa just ok. my wife is short rib ravioli wa creative and very tasty . neither of u are big eater , but noted how small the portion were , especially compared to the price . one cup of risotto for $ 20+ ? four ravioli for the same ? they altered the desert recipe on request , which for sure wa over and above the call.service wa attentive and the setting nice .
sharia do not like it , and neither doe becky . boy and i went to casbah on a warm tuesday evening . the restaurant wa not busy , and we were seated in the inviting outdoor patio . our waitress wa very pleasant and extremely informative about both the drink and food menu . we shared a bottle of mission la caminade ( malbec , french ) . this wa a very good , medium-bodied wine . many yelpers have raved about casbah is bread and pesto . i do not get it . i have had much better sourdough elsewhere and the pesto wa not anything to write home about . i had the asparagus soup with crab for an appetizer . the soup wa served cold and tasted fresh enough , but something wa off , and i barely ate half of it . i ordered the orecchiette pasta a an entree , which wa served with grilled chicken and cranberry in a goat cheese cream sauce . i am upset to report that this tasted rather bland . the cranberry were the only spark of flavor in the dish . boy ordered the ricotta cavatelli pasta , which wa in a marinara sauce with sausage and ricotta . i am sad to report that this too wa tasteless . the ricotta wa dumped on top and added nothing to the dish . we glanced at the dessert menu , after spending so much on food we did not enjoy , boy and i decided to cross the street for ice cream , instead . overall , casbah ha a nice atmosphere and service , but their food quality doe not match the price tag .
i came here a year ago and had a really awesome meal . i will say the best in pittsburgh i will had since arriving . given that , we went here for a birthday dinner.overall , we were all left with kind of a `` meh '' experience . our server seemed pretty disinterested and slow . i think the low point wa someone ordered a steak medium rare ( for $ 38 ) . what came out wa a well done and cold piece of meat . it looked like a hockey puck . when he sent it back , no apology ... and no change in the bill . i at least expected a manager or someone to come out and apologize and say `` we have taken it off the bill '' or something . nope . he sat there watching the rest of u finish our entree before his replacement steak arrived.the rest of the entree were good and i would go back . but probably with lowered expectation .
i had a free entree from big burrito for my birthday , for which we decided to use at casbah a few week ago . it wa my first time there , though i have tried a few other bb restaurant in the past . food : - cracked pepper butter wa delicious - i had to warn the waitress not to let me have any more bread and ruin my meal ! - grilled bruschetta ( ricotta , fava bean , swiss chard , preserved lemon , arugula , chervil , calcagno ) wa a bit too lemon-y for my liking- short rib raviolli ( short rib ravioli , swiss chard , oyster mushroom , roasted shallot , gremolata ) wa very savory and i would definitely order it again- double-cut pork chop ( with braised kale , prosciutto & parmesan risotto , garlic cream , sage jus ) wa joe is meal . i tasted a bit of everything and really enjoyed the kale . i like really really creamy risotto , and this wa not quite there . i dont want to say it wa undercooked , a i like i just like mine over-cooked.- fried apple empanadas ( vanilla bean cider reduction , toasted oat streusel , caramel ice cream ) the ice cream wa great , but the empanadas were bland to me.service : not terrible . i understand at nice restaurant people enjoy taking their time to relax , enjoy their meal , and converse with their dinner-mates , but our server should have been more observant to the fact that we would be just sitting there with empty place waiting for the desert menu . i will note , though , that the table next to u returned two glass of the same wine and the bartender came over and very politely suggested an alternative wine for the patron . they were very accommodating in this way . will i go back ? someday - but i think i may try soba or kaya first .
we arrived late in the evening and had to ask our waiter about the `` pasta festival , '' which he mentioned . it turned out that both pasta , the salad , the calamari , the cocktail , and the service were good . casbah would have been livelier earlier and more pleasant without a loud and persistent talker in the party of 6 at the next table . i will definitely return for the food and service .
i have been going to casbah on a regular basis for the past 2 years.the reason for this is that the food is excellent and the service cant be beat . great food , wine , and service keep me coming back.the chef at casbah always come thru with any special request i always have no matter how busy the kitchen is . it make the dining a great one.thank you chef.the bartender , and waiters/waitresses are always willing to make your casbah experience be the best it can be
i wa treated to casbah for lunch by a potential employer who had passed me over , but really , really liked me . she said it wa her favorite restaurant , but that she did not go a often a she will like.i knew the building from the early 80 is when it had been one of pittsburgh is dive gay bar called 'the tender trap ' , and knowing this , a well a a lot about the big bistroid group ... oops ... big burrito group , i wa curious to try it out and see if it lived up to the usual big burrito hype . and voila , indeed , it is another excruciatingly overpriced bistroid in da burgh.the atmosphere is actually quite lovely , inside or out . the color are comfortable , the noise level subtle , the seating comfortable , and the service staff look professional ( young ) with no coney island side show appearances.the service wa good . not overly friendly , but not uppity like young people waiting table in more upscale restaurant tend to be in da bugh.the menu wa short , but did have a list of pretty unique offering . my friend had a salmon salad , and i opted to try the farm lamb mac-n-cheese . the waiter brought a small basket with bread to the table accompanied by a single medium sized pat of salted butter to spread . for a beverage , we both opted for just water.i have to say , if i actually had to pay for this , i would have been pretty miffed . for lunch , the price were all around the $ 15 range , and the portion were not large . the portion were actually fine for lunch , not overly filling ( by any stretch of the imagination ) , but they did not leave you hungry.i can not speak for the salmon , a i have never had salmon in any form other than lox that did not taste like a dried sawdust version of some strong fish . she seemed to enjoy it very much , so there it is.the farm lamb mac n cheese wa tasty . the lamb wa tender and moist , and the mac n cheese wa a tiny tube pasta with a very nice creamy cheesy sauce , all topped with a bread crumb covering when it wa broiled until crispy . it wa accompanied by a 'pinch ' of mesclun salad topped with another pinch of fried onions.basically - take one large spoonful of mac n cheese with a higher end cheese sauce and a fancier noodle than come in the average box - mix in about four cube of roast lamb , sprinkle on a layer of bread crumb and toss it in the broiler until the crumb are toasted - then using your index finger and thumb , pick up a pinch of mesclun and sit it on the plate next to the mac n cheese bowl - and you have a bistroid expensive art project on a plate.seriously ? $ 15 for lunch ? it is mac n cheese people ! i also have to call into question the name and theme . mad mex is bistroid tex mex . soba is bistroid asian . kaya is bistroid caribbean-ish . casbah ? farm lamb mac n cheese ? sure , i can see this a a box lunch while riding a camel through the desert ... not.i can not say the experience wa awful . the company wa awesome , and we had a nice unpressured amount of time for fun chat . the atmosphere wa comfortable , and the food wa tasty . but wa it all worthy of a return trip or recommendation ? i honestly can not say 'yes ' with any kind of cheerleader rave . i am not quite sure that i comprehend the mindset of people in this burgh who think paying that kind of money for food is worth it , when honestly , food with just a much flavor can be found in abundance around town for half the price and twice the portion . who are all of these easily dupe-able rich people , and where do they come from ? want to blow that kind of money ? get out your check book and let me give you my address !
i am actually giving it 3.5 star . 3 for the appetizer and 4 for the entree . my wife and i went to casbah for the first time . a we usually do , we decided to share our entree ( tip - you can get half portion size of the pasta ! ! ) and augment the meal with a few appetizer . for the appetizer , we got the chickpea flatbread , the arugula salad and the sea scallop . the flatbread and salad were just ok . the sea scallop would have been delicious except for the `` cured egg yolk '' which wa infused in the avacado sauce . for those who have never tried a cured egg yolk , i would consider yourself lucky . actually , the taste wa not too bad . the smell , however , reminded me of what you would smell if you were on the set of a nasty version of a hoarder tv episode . must be an acquired taste.for the main course , we chose the short rib ravioli and the cavatelli . both were excellent , especially the ravioli . no complaint at all.overall , a very pleasant experience . good atmosphere . our waitress wa very friendly . the place wa busy and had a nice vibe to it . unfortunately , some of the food wa a slight disappointment .
hard to remember another restaurant that hit home run from start to finish . yinzes say it is pricey but i disagree , the quality is hard to find period . very progressive menu but not too wild , product are from near area farm , very knowledgable staff . and butter served at the right temperature , that is a novel idea ! just a great experience , can not wait to get back there .
good food - great atmosphere ! service will depend mostly on where you sit - they have a nice covered outdoor seating , if you are out with a group of friend - the bar area is pretty neat with lounge seating facing the bar.try the short rib ravioli
service is a little slow but overall the best food i have had in pittsburgh so far . if you are a seafood fan , the scallop are amazing . very decent wine list and lot of parking .
casbah is the last big burrito restaurant i had left to try and i really liked it . i started with the sangria to drink which wa delicious , and i am usually not a huge fan of sweet drink like that . we split the grilled flatbread app . the dip were not anything super special , but the bread wa thick and flavorful . no complaint . then we both got piccola gusta and split all our item . ( the piccola gusta give you salad or soup , half a sandwich , and half a pasta ) between the two of u we had the tomato & basil bisque , arugula salad , crab cake sandwich , salumi sandwich , orecchiette pasta , and ricotta cavatelli.i am not a big fan of tomato soup , in fact , i never eat it , but i tried the bisque and loved it . it tasted more like a tomato sauce than soup . the arugula salad wa great a well . the crab cake sandwich wa really small but good , and the salumi sandwich wa amazing ... probably my favorite part of the meal . both pasta were good , but i personally preferred the orecchiette , the cranberry sealed the deal for me.i love the atmosphere , we sat out on the covered patio , and the service wa great a well.i will definitely be back again , hopefully to try the different brunch and dinner menu !
in my opinion , casbah is the best of the big burrito restaurant . i have been to casbah for dinner and drink a few time . during my latest experience , i wa impressed by the hearty fall entree . i decided to take my husband to casbah for his birthday on friday night . i called on monday and luckily , i wa able get a reservation without a problem . when we arrived , the restaurant wa packed but we did not have to wait . we were sat in the beautiful front covered patio area . we decided to start our meal with the veal and pork meatball . this wa my favorite part of the meal . i could have ordered 3 of these for my entree ! the polenta and the crispy brussel sprout added a smoothness and a salty crunch . delish . you have to try these ! for my entree , i ordered the double cut pork chop and my husband ordered the cioppino . the huge pork chop arrived medium well , a requested , but wa still tender and juicy , even better when dipped in the sage jus . in additiion , the bitterness of the braised kale paired well with the smooth , creamy parmesan and proscutto risotto . my husband wa also a big fan of the cioppino . the mussel , clam , shrimp , halibut and scallop were cooked to perfection . i wa equally impressed with the size of the scallop . we are talking the width of a coffee cup ! unfortunately , we were too full for dessert but were presented with housemade salted carmels to end our meal . if you are looking for a place to enjoy good wine , amazing food and a pleasant atmosphere , casbah is for you .
i love the big burrito group and i love even more that they just sent out a bunch of coupon . the other night , i got off early from work and wa able to go to casbah for dinner during the week . when we got there , they took a minute to figure out where we would sit even though it appeared that they were empty . however , 1/2 way through dinner it seemed like they were seating those with reservation inside and walk in outside . the place is set up with what would be the patio , enclosed . there are big heater on the ceiling that are directed straight at the table . i will say that it wa a little too warm and even though the host said he would turn them down , i do not think that wa done . the waitress came and told u about the menu , took our drink order and brought u some bread with a yogurt spread and salted butter . i did ask her if the $ 10 off entrée coupon could be used on the pasta entrées and i think at that point she began to think that we were poor young kid . but back to that later . . . to start we shared the crispy calamari ( $ 11 ) with caper , lemon , chili and parsley which wa probably some of the best calamari ever . it wa not chewy and it had the best sauce ever ! we also ordered the grilled chickpea flatbread appetizer ( $ 9 ) which i expected to be a flatbread but actually came a grilled pita with three separate dip - baba ghanoush , hummus and red pepper muhummara . for dinner , i ordered the short rib ravioli ( $ 24 ) which came with swiss chard , oyster mushroom , roasted shallot and gremolata . this wa the more decadent dish ever ! when it first came , it had about 6 ravioli and did not appear to be enough but it wa more than enough ! my husband ordered the casbah double cut pork chop ( $ 27 ) which came with braised kale , prosciutto & parmesan risotto , garlic cream and a sage jus . the pork wa very moist and the risotto wa cooked perfectly . there were no left over ! after this huge meal , we decided on taking a dessert to go . we both agreed upon the dark chocolate rasberry bread pudding ( $ 8 ) . so i asked the waitress if it would travel well since we wanted to take it to go . at that time , she looked at me and asked if we had a toaster oven where we lived . . . um yes lady we do , in fact we have an oven also and we own our own home . despite the comment , we took the dessert home and put it in the oven later that night and we were not disappointed . overall the meal wa delicious , we got to use two $ 10 off coupon and i would highly recommend it to anyone . however , i still favor eleven !
went here for the brunch prix-fixe menu- such a good deal ! drink , appetizer , and main course all for $ 24 . first , we got a pastry basket with mini-scones , croissant and biscuit . i told myself i would eat half of each to try everything , but they were too tasty to resist ! for appetizer , i got the granola and berry and my friend got the creamy polenta . both were great option ! the granola did not taste like anything you get in a box- could definitely tell it wa made in-house . the creamy polenta wa so different and delicious- will get that next time i go back . wa pretty full by this point but that did not stop me from completing my main course ! i got the casbah benedict with smoked salmon and my friend ha the tuscan egg . we both thoroughly enjoyed our meal and were stuffed by the end !
went here for drink with some friend . the bar service wa definitely interesting . some of the time the waitress wa really on point and wa there ready to take your drink order , but after the first drink it wa really hard to get a second . i can not speak for the food , but will update my review when i get back to try the food . overall my dirty martini wa good , though it definitely could have used some better quality olive ( these were bottled with the red pepper on the inside used on salad ) . i will definitely be back to try the food , but i hope the table service is better than the bar service .
casbah is definitely my favorite restaurant in p-burgh ; in fact , usually when i go somewhere else i wind up regretting that i did not just go to casbah . every dish i have had ha been excellent ; some favorite are the sheep is milk gnudi , tuna tartare , arugala salad , bread pudding , and pretty much every soup . the short rib ravioli is a must have although arguably a touch salty . the menu is so inventive !
my wife and i go to casbah every year for my birthday . it is my favorite of the big burrito restaurant , and they have a birthday deal for $ 30 off an entree . this time i started with the parsnip & chestnut soup , garnished with braised chicken , arugula & almond pesto . it wa divine , with the rich sweetness for which parsnip are noted . my main course wa elysian field farm lamb loin with flageolet bean , merguez sausage , turnip , green and whole grain mustard . it wa cooked perfectly pink , a ordered , and the flavor complemented each other.for dessert , i skipped my usual chocolate - they offered chocolate mousse , chocolate cheesecake and dark chocolate raspberry bread pudding . i decided to try the pumpkin bread with butter rum sauce and cream cheese ice cream . the cake wa light and tasty and the ice cream and sauce were excellent .
for the record , i have returned a few time and still entirely stand by my original review from nearly 3 year ago . i will add that the food portion also seem to be decreasing ! we went during happy hour last week and i had the worst tasting rye drink possible - described a rye with fig jam , bitter and lemon , sounded like something that can not possibly be fucked up , but tasted like nothing but the juice wrenched out of unripe lemon - super dry and gave me a stomach ache . no fig flavor to be detected . to make matter worse , when my partner tried to ask the bartender about the drink , if it wa supposed to be sooo god-aweful lemony , she responded with a `` yes , it is got lemon in it . '' when he pressed the issue , she simply repeated , `` yes , it is a lemon and fig drink . '' more frustrating than conversation with the wall . the risotto that we ordered wa the size one would expect of a side dish ( which is what risotto should be , but this wa proposed a an entree ... ) . it had about 5 little piece of maitake mushroom and 6 hazelnut in it and wa otherwise flavorless . we added lot of salt and pepper . total waste of $ 25 buck . also , their bar seating suck . the chair are stationary and far away from each other , and a bit far from the bar for a shorty like me ; my foot do not reach the foot bar on the chair either , so my leg fall asleep trying to sit there .
glad to see that the big burrito restaurant are alive and well in pittsburgh , and dinner tonight wa my first time in awhile at one of their establishments.bit of a complex review . my biggest gripe with casbah is that it is casbah mediterranean when the menu ( at least on this night , but i do not think it change all that much ) offer very authentic mediterranean dish . one lamb dish ( not overly mediterranean ) and no couscous or tagine , which are major staple of mediterranean cuisine . even a side of hummus and pita or veggie would be nice . nonetheless , the menu ha lot of fine option , just none that i have seen in a typical mediterranean joint . i think it is a little misleading especially if you are seeking mediterranean cuisine.we sampled several of the cocktail , all of which were creative and well priced . a for food , we split the bruschetta ( prosciutto and blue cheese ) , meatball ( pork ) and the brussel sprout were quite tasty , beet salad , and the potato gnocchi . so lot of food ! all wa freshly prepared with quality ingredient and served with sophisticated presentation.lots of fine restaurant opening in the area , but it is clear to see that they have a loyal following .
when scoping around online for a good nye dinner destination for my husband and me , casbah is prix fixe menu really jumped off the page ! since the big burrito group is so popular , i wa happy to get reservation , especially since a lot of time were already booked.the hubby and i arrived a few minute early for dinner . i had planned additional time to park and wa delightfully reminded that big burrito restaurant have free valet parking -- so great , especially with slushy snow on the ground ! even though we were a few minute early , the hostess took our coat and seated u immediately . service wa extremely attentive from start to finish . water were re-filled quickly . bread wa brought to the table almost immediately and we were offered another basket a soon a we finished the first . the bread came with a delicious spread - wa it goat cheese ? - that i just could not stop eating . silverware whisked away with each course wa promptly replaced.we ordered both the land and sea course to share so we could try the entire nye prix fixe menu . none of the eight dish disappointed ! the first course were sea scallop & octopus and duck confit . the sea scallop wa perfectly cooked , the octopus - thought not my cup of tea ! - wa also well cooked , and the balsamic flavor in the dish wa very tasty . i absolutely loved the duck confit dish . it wa served with mustard green and fruit with a to-die-for dressing - a delicious combination ! the second course were potato gnocchi and mushroom tortelloni . the gnocchi wa served with lobster , which wa a unique but nice paring . though a strongly flavored dish , the tortelloni wa delicious , and i enjoyed another unique paring , tortelloni with chunk of beef short rib.lake ontario walleye and roasted veal strip loin were the third course . both were cooked to perfection . the walleye is skin wa perfectly crispy , and the veal strip loin wa cooked medium well but wa still deliciously juicy and tender . however , a component of each dish wa disappointing -- a mustard flavor in the walleye and pickled mustard seed covering the veal . i really can not hold this against casbah though . i am just not a fan of mustard ! finally , the dessert wa fantastic ! the chocolate ganache tart wa the ending of the sea course . the chocolate wa strong , even a little bitter , and wa served with a little champagne strawberry compote . i grew more accustomed to the bitterness with each bite , and it wa the perfect ending to three course filled with fish . a caramel macaroon completed the land course . the macaroon wa delicious and served with a little apple sorbet and caramel sauce.our experience at casbah wa spectacular ! based on this experience , i debated giving the restaurant five star ... but decided to wait until i returned a second time . and i can not wait to return !
brunch = best in the burgh . hand down . best . egg . ever . i am not even sure how the egg can be that good . i know what you are saying , `` they are egg , jessica . get a grip . '' no . i will not . i can not . i want to stand on top of rooftop and shout my love for these egg all over town . j , h and i went there a few sunday ago . we all got the same thing . when wa the last time you went to a meal and all three people ordered the same thing . it wa that good . the scallop breakfast is out of this world . 2 perfectly cooked scallop , scrambled egg ( the egg ! ! ! ) , the creamiest , tastiest grit in the world , buttery croissant and sausage , apple and butternut squash . do not think those thing go together ? they do and are awesome ! j and i also both got order of bacon cause no brunch is complete without bacon . our service wa also great . nice hostess , awesome waiter . all wa perfect . really freaking good brunch . really . can not say enough about those freaking egg . oh , but do not order an additional mimosa from the deal - they are $ 8 a piece which is a bit steep .
my first dining experience at casbah wa a nice one . we ordered the cheese plate to start and i and i had chicken for my entree . the wine list wa not huge , but the selection wa nice . the service wa very good . i plan on returning there in the future for a meal .
it is a little pricier than most place in the area but the quality and ambiance is well worth it . the food wa really good and the drink were relatively reasonably priced for the surroundings , great place to take a date ... or spouse .
wonderful brunch and good dinner . the service obviously pride itself on being super proper ( choreographed plate delivery , polite to the point of almost sappy attitude on the part of the waiter ) and it can be a little bit annoying even . however , this is the probably the classiest of the big burrito restaurant , so if you are looking for that , this place is great . extensive , yet expensive , wine menu . small-ish portion and a very pleasant covered heated patio .
went here for bruch and had their take on the classic egg benedict . i am a huge egg benedict fan and this wa very good . i opted for the prociuto a the meat option and i am glad i did . it gave the egg enough flavor without having to add extra salt . the potato were perfectly cooked and the fruit wa tasty a well . had the bellini and did not realize how i much i would enjoy it so i had two !
great food had a assortment . of thing and all prepared excellent . the service very helpful on telling you the menu . will go back again
i can not believe all the high review . either you work for big burrito or it is amateur hour . the food tasted terrible . it wa bland and over-salted and reminded me of the olive garden . if you like casbah more power to you but for me never again .
great menu - lot of choice . there were six of u and we shared 3 appetizer - the grilled chickpea hummus , the grilled octopus , and the mixed olive . the babagonoush hummus wa delicious i had a winter fizz drink which wa prosecco with cranberry and mint nice flavor and perfect before dinner drink i had the cioppiano which wa one of the best meal i have had in a long time . the sour dough bread wa soooooo good . most everyone else ordered pasta dish and thought them very good . we opted not to have dessert there but they did bring salted carmels to the table with the check so if they were any prediction of the dessert they are excellent . great place to dine - i will return . and the complimentary valet parking wa nice a well - did not have to search for a place to park and the valet were super nice . i should mention our waitress wa also super nice and very accomodating to our larger party .
the food here is amazing . i have to admit the price is a bit high , but it is just worth it . beware though during dinner time , everyone there dress up pretty formally . i am not talking about suit and tie , but you know what i mean so make sure you dress up appropriately !
my husband and i went to casbah on our first date night after having our son . our plan wa to take our time and indulge in everything . after we looked through both the wine selection ( outstanding ) and the menu ( delicious ) , we decided to do thing a little differently . instead of ordering just two entree , we wanted to sample a many libation and treat a possible.first , we ordered the white wine flight , and split a few seafood appetizer ; then , we ordered the red wine flight , and split a few meaty appetizer ; and , finally , we each ordered a glass of our favorite red and split a chocolate ravioli with raspberry sauce dessert . our bill wa quite pricey , but i feel totally worth it . every single thing we drank and ate wa delicate , perfect , satisfying , and well balanced . i would go back and spend the money any time !
brought my wife here for her birthday and we were lucky enough to arrive on the last of three night of the truffle dinner . i saw it online before i arrived and dismissed it , but our server ( amanda ) sold u on it when we got there . in fact , her thorough and enthusiastic description of each course ( including each cocktail and cheese ) were a highlight of the meal . sometimes over the top ( `` people say it is the best meal they have had in their life '' and `` the chef took this week off so he could enjoy the meal a a customer -- and it brought a tear to his eye '' ) but we genuinely loved it . first , she made excellent suggestion on the cocktail ( mimosa ) and she helped u decide on the rest of the meal . her recommendation to split the truffle dinner and add an appetizer wa perfect . we left completely satisfied . the cheese wa very good and the accoutrement well-paired . when i saw it on the plate , i did not think it wa very much but it ended up being the perfect amount . i also appreciated that they kept the bread coming , especially for the next course : a homemade pasta with pancetta , arugula and
good food , great service , but high prices.my date and i shared 2 appetizer , a salad and each had an entree with the recommended wine pairing . bill wa $ 115 without tax -- pricey by my standard for this experience . the new tuna tartare appetizer wa the highlight of our night . the bruschetta with fig and grape butter , prosciutto and blue cheese wa good , so wa the beet salad.we were disappointed with our entree . my roasted duck breast with spinach and gnocchi wa not hot . my date had the salmon with potato fennel puree , which she said tasted fishy.make sure you are not seated inside the tent where patron are eating on a slope on outdoor metal table -- this is not my idea of a good dinner at this price range.although i would come here again , there are certainly much better restaurant in the city . i would rank casbah below eleven within the big burrito group of restaurant .
not a good vegan experience . we were meeting friend at casbah for dinner -their choice . since i follow a version of vegan , i called ahead and wa assured that they had vegan version of a couple of pasta dish . server wa very cooperative and said she would instruct the kitchen to omit the meat and increase the veggie on their cavatelli . well , they omitted the meat , but i wa left with one of the smallest serving of pasta that i have ever seen . at about $ 20 , it wa close to the price of caviar !
this is definitely one of the most interesting place i have been to , in a good way . casbah is a great local place that serf smaller ( but admittedly pricey ) portion , and they change their menu up frequently to match the ingredient available to them each season.the set-up is ... different ? i could not quite figure out what wa going on with it ; you basically walk into a door and enter what look like what wa once a courtyard , which wa covered with a canvas - maybe they take this down during the summer ? possibly ? i am not sure ; anyway , if you walk to the back of the courtyard you will get into the actual bar.the menu here , at least during my visit , wa delicious - fantastic fresh sangria , a very interesting but tasty bruschetta ( that , rather than going with the traditional tomato and basil , wa covered in a kind of cream cheese , green and nut ) , and a reasonably portioned bowl of pasta with sausage and spinach . not complaint , other than the fact that the pasta wa a bit spicy and i wa not warned about this . it wa not too strong , though.our waitress wa doing the best that she could ( i think ) but wa a little slow . still , the place wa fairly busy and i had good company to talk to during my meal , so no hard feeling on that one.i say give this place a try if you have the money to spare - and even then , get a coupon or a groupon ; i went with someone who wa using a birthday gift card , and it helped the pricing tremendously .
love this place . i have never had anything that wa not tasty here . they do fish and meat very well . it is not obscure molecular gastronomy style , but dish we have had here were all well prepared and savory . we have been to several business dinner in their space downstairs , and it really is my favorite place for these - even more than the pricier steakhouse 'dahntahn . 'wait staff were very attentive , and really made our experience here great . food wa served efficiently for large group , and arrived at the correct temperature . they have a great wine list , and overall offer a comfortable space with delicious food and drink . try the lamb loin , chicken , and cioppino - my three current favorite . their pork chop are the specialty of the house , i am told.will definitely be back .
oh i love this place . it ha a great menu and wine list . it ha all the great dish with a touch of flare . i took this meal to seafood town from start to finish and have no regret . the staff wa really friendly - realized i wa there for a special occasion and brought out a desert that said congratulation - the little things.we dined outside and i felt tucked away in a europe-esque atmosphere for a few hours.it is worth reserving a spot on the patio to get the full experience .
sunday brunched here . food and service were excellent .
casbah ha one of the most consistent kitchen in pittsburgh . the menu only change slightly from time to time , but it is always full of great option and the quality and preparation of the food is always top notch . the service doe not disappoint either . i am always amazed that they can nail it ( food and service ) every single time without fail . the bar area is a great place for drink or dinner a well . fiona behind the bar is always welcoming and fun and is perhaps one of the best bartender in the city . it is also one of only a handful of good restaurant in the city that is open on sunday . now if only they would replace the swivel bar stool that are bolted to the ground and make it challenging for some ( especially smaller woman ) to dine while sitting at the bar or for couple to sit a close to one another a they will prefer .
ah casbah ... the epic tale of bi-polar experiences.as with all the other big burrito restaurant , i am definitely a fan of the upscale and unique spin on an ethnic cuisine ( in this case mediterranean ) .the fiancee and i is first venture here left u with some of the best scallop we have had in pittsburgh and a jamison farm is lamb shank that wa to die for . i wish i could remember the waiter is name , but all i can say is , he definitely deserved the 40 % tip we laid down.take two , brunch . we sat this time out in the covered and heated patio up front . while the food wa great ( i got my obligatory fat kid french toast variation ) , a rushed server caught her arm on the back of my chair towards the end of our meal and dumped an entire pitcher of ice water on my shoulder and lap.while i am completely sympathetic when it come to legitimate mistake ( and the server wa obviously extremely embarrassed about the situation ) , i wa surprised when no follow-up occurred . the server apologized and ran immediately to the back of the house , leaving two of the surrounding table to come to my rescue with their napkin . the server brought u our check , but despite the public scene it caused , not a single manager stopped by to verify that everything wa alright.after writing to casbah , the manager did respond quickly and offer to rectify the situation , so i will give them a pas assuming it wa just bad timing and an issue where the server wa too embarrassed to do anything .
a delicious menu with a twist . unique wine list too !
though casbah ha been around for age this wa our first time dining there . in short , the restaurant itself wa nice and the food interesting though a little on the pricey side . service started out great but for some reason our entree took forever and our waiter more or le abandoned u . if i am spending a $ 150 on dinner for 2 i expect some sort of explanation on why we are having to wait 45 minute plus between our appetizer and the entree . at a minimum , i do not want to have to flag down the server to order another drink and for god is sake do not make me ask for a refill of my water . if i wa only basing my decision on food i will probably go back but all thing considered there are too many other restaurant in pittsburgh where i can get amazing food and an amazing dining experience .
i have been to this restaurant with my husband twice , once for dinner before i moved to pittsburgh , and once for brunch a few month ago , and both were great meal . when i went for dinner they accidentally threw away my doggy-bag instead of giving it to me , but they offered to make me a new order , so it worked out fine . when we went for brunch it wa quite crowded and we had to wait a while before getting seat at the bar . the food is really fantastic though and there are good vegetarian option . it is pricey , but worth it if you are celebrating a special occasion . seems like it would be perfect if you are looking for a romantic place to impress a date .
very enjoyable menu n staff .
i stopped by here this past tuesday night for dinner by myself . it had been a couple of year since i had last been to casbah and while i remembered it being decent , it differed a bit from my fiance is opinion that this wa the best of the big burrito restaurant . due to that it had been on my list of restaurant to visit so that i could get a better opinion of it . the restaurant looked the same that i remembered it with a large outdoor seating area and a smaller one inside with the bar on one side of the restaurant and the dining room on the other . it wa all nicely and tastefully decorated.i arrived shortly after 5 pm and immediately made my way into the bar area of the restaurant a i hate taking up a table if i am eating by myself . there wa no one else at the bar at this point and the bartender quickly greeted me and gave me a happy hour menu while explaining it to me . i had not been planning on getting a drink but one of the $ 6 cocktail caught my eye and i ended up ordering it . the bartender wa pretty friendly guy and explained how he came up with the drink while he made the drink and we chatted for a bit . for my entrée i decided to order the long island duck which wa a roasted breast , braised leg , gnocchi , spinach , rosemary , black mission fig and duck jus . whenever i had ordered it i had actually missed the fact that it came with a braised leg and wa excited to see that extra unexpected portion of meat on my plate whenever it wa delivered to me . the whole meal ended up being incredibly tasty with the duck breast being cooked perfectly with nice seasoning and not greasy at all . this wa in stark contrast to the leg which wa incredibly juicy and greasy which i absolutely loved . normally i am not a fan of greasier duck but the two preparation really helped to enhance the other . finally the fig provided a nice touch of sweetness while the gnocchi wa pillow like and tasty . it wa also nice to be able to taste a hint of rosemary on them which i had forgotten about between the time i had ordered and when it wa delivered.the bottom line for me is that i would definitely head back here again in the future . both my cocktail and my meal were really good and i would actually consider this to be one of the best meal that i have eaten in a little while .
love casbah . been going there for year and have never had a le than great meal and service . of course their signature lamb is to die for ( with the stag is leap petite syrah ) . what can i say -- the cheese plate is great . everything is well-prepared and the service is among the best in the -burgh .
very good food and another great place for happy hour . highly recommended . you will not be disappointed .
this is a well run restaurant with great food , great consistency and excellent service . we were sitting on the patio and the angle of the sun changed to shine right in our eye , but the waiter wa able to quickly move u to a better table . i highly recommend the cheese plate , it is probably the best in pittsburgh . the arugula salad is delicious . so is the alaskan halibut . you really can not go wrong with casbah .
while in pittsburgh for 24 hour , we went to casbah for after dinner drinks.this place ha wonderfull covered outdoor seating , a great bar featuring unique small batch liquor and an overall cool vibe.i had the watermelon gin fizz . it wa fantastic ! great gin , wonderful watermelon juice and ice cube made of the aforementioned watermelon juice.w also had a couple order of their olive which were great too.would definitley go back for a meal .
my bf took me here on my birthday and it wa so good he totally sealed `` the deal . '' this wa on of the best dining experience i have had in pittsburgh ... made even sweeter by the fact i left full , and without feeling the boyfriend wallet wa just raped . i had the orichiette pasta and it wa love in a bowl . savory and sweet and perfectly balanced . boyfriend had short rib ravioli and it wa so good that when i asked him if i could have a taste he told me that he loved me , and he knew it wa my birthday , and he let me have a bite , but he did not want to share . i did not make him , i just know it wa excellent.i have officially done dat all of the big burrito restaurant & i honestly feel like ha bought is the most effortlessly sophisticated of all of them . this is amazing food in a restaurant that is sophisticated without even trying.i really feel like ha bought is highly underrated and you will best get your arse over here to dying . they have a brunch which i hear is amazing and i can not wait to try it out .
i am so happy they got rid of those awful bar stool ! ! ! we often choose not to walk in to casbah without a reservation because the bar area wa historically uncomfortable . they have traded out the old stool that were screwed in to the floor , too far from your companion , and did not comfortably turn to face people ( who thought that wa a good idea ? ) in for some admittedly le attractive but functional chair , i am a big fan of the lunch and dinner there -- we will add that more often to our walk-in list now ,
casbah is fast becoming my favorite restaurant in pittsburgh . i have been there twice now and both time the service and food wa impeccable . the calamari and the proscuitto appetizer are a great start to the meal and not too heavy or filling and i could eat a whole basket of the warm bread . i will love to know where they get it from a i can not imagine they bake it there , but maybe they do ! the pork chop is their signature dish and doe not disappoint . my husband had the duck the last time we were there and it wa juicy on the inside and had a great crispy skin . i had the red pepper casereccia and wa thrilled with the amount of seafood in the dish . there were 4 huge , delicious scallop and a ton of lump crab . very impressive . i wa there with a group of 6 this time and everyone had clean plate at the end of the meal . i like the fact that it seems like the menu change with the season . the protein may stay static , but since they use a lot of local ingredient , the accompaniments/side dish might be different every time you come . honestly , this is one of the best restaurant in pittsburgh . i plan on trying it for brunch or lunch sometime soon .
awesome brunch ! we have now made it a tradition to go to casbah for easter brunch . the selection is fabulous and the portion are generous . my husband always get the creamy polenta and raf about it . the lamb and egg are perfectly cooked and the tomato bisque wa divine . i could live on that soup . we were disappointed to learn that they took the macaroon off the menu . they were my husband is favorite dessert . we did not try any of the dessert this time because we were stuffed but i am sure they are excellent !
lovely , relaxing atmosphere . the cauliflower soup with tarragon emulsion wa fabulous , a wa the tomato basil soup . the waiter wa attentive and happily allowed for a substitution on my salad so i could try one of the raw milk cheese from their cheese sampler . the grilled chicken breast on my salad wa a bit more dry and hard than i like , but i am not a big fan of barbecuing chicken and it certainly seemed to have been charred that way . if the chicken had been moist , this place would get all five star from me !
so i am a lowkey snob when it come to going to nice restaurant and though a lot of place charge an arm and a leg , are overrated , and are just not up to par with what i am used to coming from sf and la . with that said , casbah wa a nice little taste of home for me . it had really fresh ingredient and a nice selection of wine to go with . we started with a cheese trio with wa paired well with different preserve and chutney . we then had roasted octopus and the scallop . the scallop for me were very interesting and a little too sweet for my taste with the pear and lacked texural component . however the octopus ha a real nice char , and wa full of great well rounded flavor . for our entree , my bf got the duck which wa underseasoned , and the fat wa jot rendered out correctly . the skin wa also burnt . the side and vegetbales of the dish were seasoned and cooked beautifully though . i had the lamb loin and it wa perfectlh medium rare with delicious bitter green . i honestly loved every part of my entree and the red wine we selected went well with the meal . all in all it wa a delicious meal and a really nice environment . and worth the money .
i enjoy coming to casbah because it reminds me of the fresh , local element i so enjoy about the napa and sonoma valley . casbah get a lot of produce and meat from local farm , and i love that ! i also love the cheese selection here . i usually ask my waiter to surprise me with any combination , and it is always fantastic . i am a sucker for the duck here . it is duck two ways-roasted breast and braised leg . absolutely delicious . the gnocchi on the side is fantastic . i also like the double cut pork chop with the braised kale , a well a the roasted chicken because the polenta on the side is so yummy.the wine list is pretty good , and the waiter are generally knowledgable about pairing , which is nice , because sometimes you just want to sit back , relax , and let someone else do the work.you can not go wrong with any of the pasta . it is sometimes fun to split a pasta a a starter . it is a nice way to try a variety of dish . the orrechiette is a great choice because it combine the tartness of cranberry with the savory creaminess of goat cheese . yum ! if you are not absolutely stuffed at this point , try the dark chocolate raspberry bread pudding for dessert . you will not be disappointed !
a taste of can in pa. we walked in and i would swear i wa in santa monica or hermosa beach . great atmosphere- creative menu and delicious food . the steak wa to die for and the pumpkin cheesecake finished it off . they also have a nice wine list . the french chardonnay wa quite good ! thanks for making me feel at home .
my absolutely favorite dish is the potato gnocchi . just amazing ! service is fantastic , nice decor . i wish they would not use such huge paper towel in the bathroom , but other than that i really like this place .
casbah wa such a great experience . i dined here with my boyfriend and 2 friend for my birthday . drink are fairly priced . they offer wine flight and champagne flight . the food wa wonderful ! i started with a homemade chicken noodle soup . did not expect to see it on the menu here , but it wa really good . my party got the tuna tartare , and 2 different olive dish . seeing the price on the menu ( all $ 22+ for entree ) i would have expected a $ 5 plate of olive to be about 5-6 olive . but it wa a bowl full . and they were yummy . for entree we had the duck breast , which according to my boyfriend is the best and most perfectly cooked duck he is ever had . i had a prosciutto plate , it wa technically an app , but it is my birthday and i will eat what i want ! another member had the cioppino , and she loved it . we then got their birthday dessert which wa a chocolate cake with ganache and brûlée ice cream . it wa great . i could not have asked for a better birthday dinner !
great atmosphere and food experience . what else can you ask for ? went here 2 week ago for the first time and totally enjoyed it . pretty good wine list too !
the rave review i will heard for casbah were so over the top , i thought it would be impossible to live up to . casbah ha exceeded it is sky high expectation and made me a believer ! we got the brunch and while the $ 24 pre-fix menu is not cheap , it actually felt like a steal because the ambiance , decor , friendly attentive staff , and generous portion of delicious , inventive food were all so fantastic ! the brunch pre-fix included your choice of breakfast cocktail , appetizer , entree , and amazing still steaming home made muffin and mint chocolate scone . i am anything but a light eater , and there wa so much that i still had to take half my meal home ! we all got different thing and there wa not a single bite of anything that we did not love . i particularly recommend the arugula salad , salmon and dill appetizer , and the scallop and grit entree , though you really can not go wrong . the decor and music wa just a unique , artistic , and beautiful a the rest of the big burrito hot spot . we ate in the basement , with a beautiful fully stocked glass wine cellar , under lit stone tile wall and wooden ceiling trim . casbah is not cheap , but i will still consider it once of the best value in the city because you get so much for your money . i will trust casbah to celebrate any special event with a flawless dining experience .
tonight is review : it started with a table for two stuffed between two other table . yes there were five other more comfortable two top available . we asked and after some sigh were granted our seemingly offensive request . punishment wa fast ... we sipped our water , were provided a refill but no offer to acquire other beverage . with plenty of time to review the night is menu , we made our selection . my request wa well done salmon ( heart issue require well done ) the chef is feeling were clear ; a i sawed through the salmon i thought it could possibly be a message . i again had offended by my request . i like casbah and the other bb restaurant but tonight i should have selected a friendlier more customer focused establishment . yes i will return and still recommend casbah . oh we did finally get to place a cocktail order . m
visited for brunch again on a rainy winter sunday . i reaffirm my previous comments.good service . generally great food ( the breakfast pastry , my breakfast polenta and the wife is scallop were fantastic ) , however inconsistency still prevent the 5-star praise.while the coffee is great , the crud in the creamer and a dirty spoon to start the meal off were not . in addition , i may have had one of the most bi-polar plate of my life ... braised lamb on grilled sourdough . the lamb itself wa kiss-yo-mama good ... seriously , this meat is a fork cutting affair . however , the bread itself seemed stale and completely took away from the star in the spot light.as with eleven , you can not go wrong with the brunch pre-fix , so be prepared to need a wheel barrel to get yourself out the door !
overpriced , salty and overrated ! ! ! why this place is so popular i will never understand .
dinner saturday night wa excellent . the server wa on his game and the chef out did him/her-self.drinks were perfect , food perfect for all four of u and again service wa excellent .
i recently realized that i had only given casbah four star after my first visit here for new year is eve 2012 ... what a terrible judgment call that wa on my part . so i am back to proclaim that over a year later - having dined here again in 2013 - with a year of dining experience across the country - i still regularly dream of this restaurant . do i dare say it is my favorite restaurant ? i am not sure , but if it is not my favorite , it is certainly close.we returned after nye last year to celebrate my birthday in march , making sure to bring along the oh-so-coveted big burrito birthday coupon . i ordered the orecchiette with chicken , cranberry , goat cheese & sage cream . oh . my . goodness . do not order this if you are on a diet ... but order this if you love delicious food and living life to the fullest . it wa ridiculously creamy , and the cranberry packed the perfect fruity balance to the rich dish . my husband ordered the double-cut pork chop with kale & butternut squash risotto . while recently dining at a highly rated restaurant in nyc , he said , `` my double-cut pork chop at casbah wa better than this double-cut pork chop . '' that is when i knew that i needed to update my review of casbah.finally , my delicious birthday dinner ended with the dark chocolate-raspberry bread pudding . i love ordering bread pudding at restaurant , and i think this is the best of them all . i would confidently enter this dessert in a bread pudding competition , knowing that i would be walking away with the blue ribbon .
i do not understand the high ranking of this place and why it consistently get into pittsburgh is top 3 . the food is rather mediocre for the price . i went there twice , both time paying close to $ 300 for dinner for 3 , but the food really did not stand up to expectation . sea scallop that i have ordered last time were burned outside and rubbery and chewy inside . risotto from my previous try wa falling apart . but the most annoying thing is that there is way , way too much food on the plate for fine dining place . the appetizer cheese platter that we ordered last time had enough cheese to last for a week ! i do not go to place like that to stuff myself ... so no , i do not like it overall . maybe it is one of those `` good enough for pittsburgh '' kind of restaurant , but then maybe they should think about charging a bit le . unless they charge for quantity , not quality ... service is okay .
my favorite local place in shadyside . my husband and i go for friday hh ( 5-7 pm ) every time we can . juan is great behind the bar , but fiona and joe ( i think joe , maybe his name is john ? ) are awesome a well . the hh drink change seasonally but you can always get your choice liquor mixed drink also . for $ 6/drink you can not beat it ! we typically always get the hummus trio a an appetizer with extra pita bread , or the calamari . all of the entree we have had ( pork belly , risotto , pork chop ) have been perfectly prepared , zero complaint . it is on a pricey side , so not a weekly dinner option for u ( unlike the hh ! ) i would say the complimentary valet is a perk , but we live within walking distance so have not used it . tip : go to hh on friday , ask for juan , get a manhattan . your qol will improve greatly !
this wa an amazing brunch place ! a family friend asked me grab brunch here because her son used to work here a a chef/cook . the food wa divine ! the brunch come with a cocktail , an appetizer and then your meal . the coffee wa really good and the mimosa were strong . we sat outside on the patio and it wa just beautiful . a perfect retreat from the snowy outside that morning . definitely go !
this is such a fabulous place . regardless of the occasion the food and the service are impeccable . in pittsburgh trying to find a restaurant that will fit everyone in your party need is difficult - casbah is the spot . my family had a birthday party for me here on sunday . casbah wa accommodating with a cake , with a loud bunch that constantly changed their order , and were extremely patient . the food wa outstanding , a per usual ! i ordered the elysian lamb which wa delicious ! can not wait to return !
thursday night january 30 . excellent service and excellent meal . very crowded when we went . glad we had reservation on open table . my wife had scallop , i had the signature pork chop . both were perfect . we loved the octopus appetizer .
to be honest , i feel that this is one of the most overpriced restaurant in the entire city . the food is average to good , the place is beautiful with outdoor seating , but in my opinion the price is just not worth it . they have a really good happy hour , so i would definitely recommend going to that and maybe trying an appetizer or two .
the last time i wa at casbah wa on a balmy spring evening in my sophomore year of college . i will arranged a dinner with my mother in a fancy effort to spring the news on her that i wanted to move out of my college dorm the following year and into a co-ed fraternity house . i remember being underwhelmed by the food , but that could have been the chilly reception with which i wa met during this particular dinner and the conversation that entailed . fast forward fifteen year later ( what ? ! ) and i wa back at casbah with jonathan d. and my future in-law . we enjoyed the prix-fixe brunch , and enjoy it we did ! the meal started with a small basket of mini goody including double chocolate muffin , cranberry almond scone and buttermilk biscuit . the meal included choice of breakfast cocktail , appetizer and entree . for my selection i chose a bloody mary , smoked salmon and sea scallop fry . dare i say this meal ( with one small exception ) rate in my top five of all time ? i dare . the appetizer wa very filling in itself and absolutely sublime for smoked salmon . the salmon wa accompanied by a done-just-right potato pancake that i could eat ten time over . my main entree consisted of two plump and juicy sea scallop on a bed of sweet potato , carmelized onion and sausage ( i substituted chicken sausage for the included fennel sausage ) . in addition , the entree included a portion of melt-in-your-mouth white corn grit and scrambled egg that seemed out of place and that i completely could have done without . a croissant wa also included but i asked for fruit instead and wa rewarded with a small side of grape , canteloupe and strawberry . my fellow brunchers feasted on a variety of creamy polenta ( looked amazing ) , a cheese tasting , lamb and egg , and casbah benedict . everyone left smiling and satisfied . so , if you have not given casbah a try in the last decade , it might be time to visit again . i am so very glad i did ! p.s . bring your coat into the restroom . it wa about 10 below in there . brrr !
for a late lunch my wife and i shared the grilled flatbread , scottish salmon , pastrami sandwich , and puréed pear and mushroom soup . creme brûlée after . all food wa really good and the soup wa a very different flavor for me . service wa great . this is part of the big burrito restaurant group , we are definitely going to try some of the we felt the price were a bargain for all we got . $ 56
i have eaten at casbah four time since my first review - from cocktail and an appetizer to lunch , everything ha exceeded my expectation and the service ha been great every time : polite , helpful recommendation , and my glass is never empty . i continue to think that the piccola gusta lunch menu is a real value and ha some really delicious option , but i would have dinner just to try those little candy they offer at the end of meal at dinnertime again - they are a cross between maple sugar and caramel , so good they are worth a star all by themselves .
we dined here for my wife is birthday last year . we started out at the bar ordering cocktail . i had a tasty cocktail with bourbon . we finished our drink and made out way over to our table . we started out with a cheese tasting , which wa very good . for entree she ordered the halibut and i had the red pepper casereccia . this wa seared sea scollop with a red pepper pasta . this entree made my list of favorite dish ever eaten . it wa so delicious . i can not wait to have it again !
we love this big burrito establishment a it matures and becomes a perennial choice to enjoy , no matter the season . it start with a well-stocked bar area , nicely lit and very comfortable . the indoor dining area is complimented by the ( now-covered ) outdoor seating area . service wa mostly attentive , and very friendly throughout the evening . the wine list is varied and reasonably price , with especially fine after dinner selection . we started with two appetizer this time out , the tuna tartare and the sheep is milk gnudi . the tuna wa very clean , served with nicely grilled sourdough . the gnudi had a great truffle butter and tarragon flavored sauce . i also had my all-time favorite salad , the arugula . this masterpiece feature homemade pancetta , crimini mushroom , and goat cheese . we split the ricotta cavatelli pasta , prepared thoughtfully with fennel sausage and spinach . dessert wa a nice assortment of house prepared sorbet ( mixed berry/pineapple/grapefruit ) . valet parking is complimentary ; please tip your driver !
really 4+ star . i wa taken to casbah for a business dinner and swooned over how good it wa . coming from new york city and knowing that pittsburgh wa foodie heaven , i wa still not expecting something this good.i had two appetizer ( in order to leave room for dessert ) : the grilled octopus on a bed of shaved fennel , prosciutto , and orange wa light and tasty , and the bucatini with shrimp wa rich and satisfying . the semifreddo with a chocolate macaron wa good , though not of the same quality a the other courses.the cioppino looked and tasted wonderful ( i wa given a perfectly cooked scallop ) , but the pork chop that evening wa undercooked ( who eats medium rare pork ? ? ? ) .i wonder why the wine list is so extravagantly expensive , even by london or new york standard ? ! ? ! ? ! the nietto malbec in the $ 40 range wa voluptuous . but doe many of the wine are i the $ 70- $ 150 range !
just got back ( after looking for a taxi in this 3rd world city - but that is for another review ) we liked the atmo . liked eating `` under the outdoor extension '' under the well working heaters- it is fun and really make it feel like a more unique dining experience . ok now on to the food . we started with a spanish grilled octopus - it wa delicious - charred grilled taste , delightful blood orange accompaniment - perfect . then had we not had the habitat beet salad yesterday ( it wa amazing - check my review ) - this would be the best , b u t it wa still very good and had maytag blue cheese , pistachio and nice beet - ok not amazing , but nice beet . then we had another unfortunate comparison to habitat . when we had the pork chop - generous portion but a bit fatty . ( again habitat is wa so much better ) we also had the new pasta dish on the menu which wa ok - big scallop ( 4 ) but a le than impressive sauce . glad we went here - it wa different , but not really special and the nightmare of getting a taxi back wa just -- well a nightmare ( what is wrong with pittsburgh taxi service -- everything ) city father ( and mother ) -- fix this ! ! ! ! !
one year since my first venture to casbah , i had the chance to return for a second time . and i have to say that i am officially a die-hard casbah fan.yes , our dinner group quickly racked up a big bill - but it wa for a birthday party , and casbah had kindly sent along a $ 30 off dinner coupon beforehand . even better , they went ahead and applied the discount even though we managed to forget to bring the actual card they had sent ahead to u . we had been completely prepared when asking about this to potentially not be able to use that $ 30 off at our visit , so their understanding alone would have gone a long way in making the meal a good one.the amazing food just sealed the deal . between a table of four we all had the chance to order and then a variety of casbah is current menu - including their scallop , arugula salad , duck , pork and veal meatball , and a ricotta very similar to what i had ordered the last time i visited . everything wa stupendously delicious - i honestly have no other word for how good this food wa - and we all left full and satisfied with no complaints.casbah ha definitely become a restaurant that i can come to for special event . their food and service impressed me again tonight even more than they did last time ; add in the fact that they use local ingredient whenever possible and always have something new to try with the changing season , and i am completely sold . here is to the next special occasion and dinner out at casbah !
food is simple and delicious , although the service wa awful when i went . highly recommend the veal and pork meatball appetizer , such a great combination of flavor and texture .
big burrito doe it again ! casbah is located on a wonderful , neighborhood street in the shadyside area of pittsburgh . we got there a little early and waited a little in the lot . our reservation wa for 11 and they open at 11 . we were still told the valet had to move our car . i get they have a way they do thing and it must work for them but the lot ha about 40 space that you can see from the street so i do not know why valet is necessary . we are particular about our vehicle and we do not valet anywhere . not that the valet were not nice and it is not like we could not see them move the car but anyway ... the main reason they get a 4 and not a 5 star . onto the meal ... we waited just a few minute in line to be seated . a i said our reservation wa at 11 & that is when they open . we were seated promptly requesting the inside area of their dining room . they do have a very nice , shaded patio area a well complete with ceiling fan . we requested to sit inside and the hostess happily obliged . we were greeted quickly by a happy and knowledgeable waitress who wa on it . she wa not at all intrusive but our water wa never empty and we did not have to wait long for our check when we were done . she asked if we wanted any other beverage . i got an iced tea and the hubby requested iced coffee . the waitress noted they could make one for him by adding ice to coffee and he said yes . he wa very happy they would accommodate his request . we ordered our food and were promptly brought a basket of bread ( oh the wonderful bread basket ! ) . we got 3 type of amazing breadly goodness that included cranberry scone ( wow ) , biscuit ( warm , soft , & the hubby is favorite ) , and ( my favorite ) the lime , coconut muffin ( sweet , lime , coconut , what is not to love ) . oh , and let u not forget the maple butter , yum ! i ordered the smoked salmon app . the combo of salmon , caper , aioli , and truffled potato cake - absolute perfection ! there wa a salty , smokey , sweet flavor that wa sheer joy on my taste bud . the hubby chose the creamy polenta which he thoroughly enjoyed noting it wa very oatmeal like . for my entree it wa the sea scallop fry minus the caramelized onion . i would soooo get this again ! the scallop were cooked to perfection with a wonderful golden outside that make my heart sing with joy ( can you tell i love a good sea scallop ? ) . the combo of english pea , fennel sausage , and white corn grit ... it wa something special for sure ! i could eat that sausage by the boat load every single day ! and the grit - smooth , creamy , and perfectly seasoned . not that it needed it but the dish come with scrambled egg and a beautifully , buttery croissant . my brunch wa so satisfying , heaven ! the hubby chose the egg benedict with prosciutto . he liked it but noted he should have gotten the spinach not the prosciutto . he said the prosciutto seemed vinagary . the dish includes paprika roasted fingerling potato which were mild and perfectly cooked . and for dessert we chose the chocolate stout cake on a wine caramel drizzle served with a little dish of creme brulee ice cream . holy cow ! what a terrific chocolate cake & the ice cream rocked too . overall , i would recommend casbah to everyone noting their brunch wa fabulous ! the valet ( even though the need for valet is questionable ) and wait staff were super nice , attentive , & knowledgeable . the apps , brunch , & dessert were yummy and delightful . we will visit again !
had dinner tonight at the bar . my sister and i wore sweatpants and flip flop ... nobody treated u differently .. the brought out bread with butter and a second butter made from goat milk.. i liked it .. my sister said it reminded her of cream cheese.. we shared the calamari ... it wa good ... i had the halibut ... it wa good accompanied with a salad.. my sister had the duck.. i did not like the duck that much but i am not a big fan of duck to begin with .. we each had wine ... i had the falanghina .. it wa perfect.. we shared a bread pudding for dessert.. it wa the first time i ever had bread pudding ... it like it .. it is a nice quiet restaurant with ample seating both inside and outside ...
i recommend the short rib ravioli ! totally the best thing i have had in a long time .
excellent prix fixe brunch with impressive service . one of the best brunch deal in pittsburgh : two course and a drink for under $ 30 , and their selection ha something for everyone . i love their patio ambiance a well a their basement set-up . great place to take visitor or for special occasions.i am a huge seafood person so the first time i ordered a bloody mary with the smoked salmon to start and sea scallop fry a my main . i am a fan of their bloody , it is spicy and flavorful . the smoked salmon wa filling enough that it is easy to split and the truffled potato cake served with it melt in your mouth . the sea scallop fry is everything you would expect , almost too much food , but no complaints.my second trip to casbah brunch , i went with my old favorite of the smoked salmon but split it with my friend who ordered the cheese plate . also , i ordered the braised lamb & egg a my main based on friend ' recommendation . it is honestly to die for . rich and flavorful in the best way , attributed to the tarragon sauce and the slow roasted lamb , and easily their specialty . if you want to order something you can not get anywhere else , order this . it is very filling and rich , especially if you get a filling first course . have only been here for brunch , and looking forward to trying their lunch/dinner !
very good pistachio rissotto . yummy flat bread ! interesting olive . they took my friend is allergy ( shellfish and fish ) issue very seriously . the patio is lovely ! we had a wonderful time !
i have a soft spot for this place -- probably because it is one of the first restaurant my fiance ever took me to , and he made a special night out of it . we have been back many time , for many occasion , and casbah ha never disappointed . great wine , cocktail , food , service , and atmosphere . it can be a little more cramped on the inside , but it is never too loud . if you can sit outside , it feel nice and spacious . it is also very nice downstairs.the valet parking is a huge plus in my book , especially in that area of shadyside . the service is always prompt and never overbearing . the last time we went , we had the sheep is milk gnudi and i am pretty sure it wa sent straight from heaven down on to our plate . i nearly fought my fiance for the last piece . he love me so he let me have it . the swordfish wa wonderful . the lamb is always great . the short rib ravioli melt in your mouth . i will highly recommend any of those.the dark chocolate raspberry bread pudding is worth unbuttoning your pant for ... and if you like dessert wine , you will be in heaven for sure !
we went here on a double date of sort . my boyfriend and i and my sister and her fiance . we started with cocktail and a cheese plate.my sister ordered the watermelon fizz ( gin drink ) and it wa super tasty . my boyfriend ordered the berry bourbon , i wa jealous , it wa divine . i ordered the boyd and basil ( vodka drink ) and it wa lovely . 5 star for beverage done right.the cheese plate wa wonderful , it came with 3 different spread and 5 different cheese , and some prosciutto . a+ ! they gave u extra bread and the salted butter and their yogurt butter . it wa amazing and we gobbled it all up.we all ordered the arugala salad -- it wa gorgeous . ( arugula , house-made pancetta , crimini mushroom , potato , riverview farm goat cheese , pancetta vinaigrette ) i ordered the roasted gerber farm chicken ( whole grain mustard grit , green , fresno pepper , fava & preserved lemon pesto , thyme jus ) , my sister got the ricotta cavatelli , ( house-made fennel sausage , spinach , crushed tomato , ricotta ) , her fiance ordered the grilled swordfish ( swiss chard , roasted tomato , garlic , chilies , caper , crispy polenta , espelette , meyer lemon vinaigrette ) , my boyfriend got the long island duck ( roasted breast , braised leg , gnocchi , spinach , lavender , rhubarb , duck jus ) \my chicken wa good , not great and a little flavorless . the mustard grit were superb , the lemon pesto kind of tasted like lemon pledge and really over powered the whole dish , which wa really disappointing.my sister adores their cavatelli , but this time ... it came out cold . she is not one to complain and ate it regardless.her fiance is swordfish wa perfectly prepared and tasted wonderful . my boyfriend duck wa cooked to perfection and all the side were incredible ( so he say ) . when desert rolled around i wa not interested a i wa already so full from the dinner . my sister ordered a glass off prosecco and chocolate s'more cake ( toasted marshmallow , salted caramel ice cream , graham crumb ) which wa deadly ! i tried a small bite but since i am not a sweet person it wa overpoweringly chocolatey . her fiance got the vanilla bean crème brulée ( rhubarb chiboust , poached rhubarb , shortbread cookie ) which he enjoyed very much . the rest of u opted for coffee is and watching them eat.their wine selection is dreamy , their cocktail are perfection in a glass , and their food is absolutely delectable.i would go back to casbah at the drop of a hat but i wa not completely floored or blown away by any dish .
started with the cheese plate then the octopus then the duck , finishing with the chocolate s'more cake . great experience especially the service . robert wa spot on ! i will be dreaming about this in the future .
one of the best restaurant in pittsburgh ! very great food and even greater service . ask for robert , he is great ! ashley the bartender is also very nice ! the food wa amazing . i had the duck it melted in my mouth . the short rib ravioli are also amazing . the muscle appetizer is a nice size for the price . you get about a pound of muscle for 12 $ . i will definitely be back . they make you feel special and welcomed .
better than expected . great service . had muscle , red pepper pasta ( forget the name ) with scallop and lump crab , husband had duck . everything wa cooked perfectly . waiter said he lived in many part of the country and this wa the best duck he is ever had and he wa right . only downfall is i did not save room for s'mores dessert !
this place is not in my price range but on special occasion the food is actually worth the extra money . i did not know food could taste so good . : - )
pro : some of their plate are most definitely unique in term of ingredient and flavor . portion are great and flavor wa really good.cons : dessert were average . large portion but nothing special.parking : challenging given you need to find street parking only.all-in-all , i enjoyed the overall experience there in term of service , food quality and ambiance . i will go back .
delicious sunday brunch at $ 28 includes a cocktail , appetizer and entree . the food is super fresh , locally grown and they even had peach biscuit .
casbah ha made my top 10 favorite restaurant in pittsburgh list . my friend and i went here for one of my friend is birthday . the food wa simple yet delicious and transported me back to greece . upon being seated , they offered complimentary bread with butter and mascarpone spread . the waiter wa very knowledge about the menu and recommended his favorite which included the pork chop entree and that soft shell crab and corn were in season . a a result , my friend and i shared the soft shell crab app . the soft shell crab wa fried to perfection with a small side salad of sliced asparagus and basil with tapenade . the only complaint i had with this dish wa that there wa only one to share between the three of u . for the entree , i decided to heed the waiter is advice and selected the pork chop while my friend ordered the gnocchi and cioppino . what i am about to describe for the pork chop doe not do it justice . the pork chop wa cooked to the right temperature and did not lost it juiciness unlike most of my experience with pork chop . it wa also huge because it wa double cut . the riscotto and braised kale complimented the pork chop well with the braised kale giving the pork chop an herbal component . i did not think i would be able to finish the dish but when i looked down again , everything wa gone . i had the opportunity to try my friend ' dish and they were also prepared in an exceptional way . the veal and lobster in the gnocchi added a welcoming heartiness to the dish and the sauce reminded me of a curry . the unexpected combination of the gnocchi and curry-like sauce pleasantly surprised me . since i have never tried cioppino until that day , i did not have anything to compare it but i wa satisfied with the amount of seafood they gave . the only complaint from my friend wa that the grilled bread that came with the dish wa too hard for her to use to soak about the sauce . she used the complimentary bread instead and loved the sauce.while we were ordering our dish , we mentioned to our waiter that it wa my friend is birthday . he brought out a dish of caramel with `` happy birthday '' written on it with dark chocolate sauce for her even though we did not expect anything from them . i am grateful that they brought that dish out . i do not know if the caramel is on their menu but it melted right away in your mouth . if you managed to read all the way to the end of this review , you probably are asking why i did not give casbah all five star and i will tell you the reason . although our waiter went above and beyond to get my friend a birthday `` plate '' , the service overall wa not satisfactory . throughout the meal , he did not come over to our table and took a long time getting our check to u even though we blatantly had finished our dinner for awhile . i have gone to le delicious restaurant who offer better service.overall , the food at casbah is exceptional . they change their menu based on what is in season . here is a tip : if you sign up for the big burrito email ( the parent company of casbah at http : //secure.bigburrito.com/register.aspx ) , you will get a free meal voucher on your birthday which is good at any of their restaurant . when my parent come into town , i will be subtly hinting that they take me here .
i am definitely the salt queen . i literally salt everything from pizza , mcdonalds french fry ( even though i know that they already have ton of salt on them ) . i also salt ham and processed food . i always salt food before even tasting it . nothing is off limit when it come to me and my salt shaker.well when my beautiful meal arrived i asked my server for the salt . none of the table had salt or pepper shaker on them . a my server went to get me the salt shaker , i took a bite of my potato . whoa ! ! ! ! ! they were extremely salty ! ! ! ! for the first time in my life , i did not add any additional salt to my meal . for me to say something is `` very '' salty ... . it is very salty . being the salt queen , i stll wa able to enjoy and love my meal . i am almost guarantee that the average person would not have enjoyed this food.. my friend also tasted my meal and immediately noticed the heavy taste of salt . however he never salt anything so something with one grain of salt on it , he will be about to tell . it really suprised me that such an upscaled restaurant would have this much salt added to their food . i am sure that it wa an error or something . i have eaten here in the past and never experience so much salt.still my meal `` for me '' wa delicious . for the first time in my life , i am glad that i did not add any salt to my meal . i do love casbah alot . it is probably my second favorite restaurant in pittsburgh .
best `` babaganoush '' we have had since we visited egypt.the gaspacho soup wa fantastic , and since my husband would not share his short rib ravioli , i can only assume they were suburb also . the atmosphere wa a tad basic , but it wa also different and therefore interesting and enjoyable .
best gnudi i have ever eaten ! loved this place , the food is sublime , i even licked clean the small homemade butter that they serve with the bread . definitely will try out this place again !
the food here wa absolute perfection ; each bite wa perfectly orchestrated to deliver optimal flavor and enjoyment . the service wa also fantastic ! for my entree , i had the cioppino -- it may be one of the best that i have ever had . the bowl wa filled with beautiful looking seafood : large shrimp , clam in their shell , mussel in their shell , a gorgeous piece of perfectly seasoned halibut , and enormous wonderfully cooked scallop . they knew how to cook each piece of seafood to showcase it well . and the charred sourdough served with the cioppino wa the perfect complement to soak up all of the delicious , savory flavor of the broth without becoming a soggy mush ! my grandfather had the halibut and loved it ... cleaned the plate ! i had heard rave review of the dark chocolate raspberry bread pudding , so we had to share one for dessert ! my grandfather said it wa incomparable to any bread pudding ; it wa a sweet , smooth , decadent indulgence that paired well with the house coffee.and the complementary salted caramel presented with the check were also amazing ! i definitely need to come back again to try more of the menu ... i think only wonderful item could possibly come out of that kitchen !
made a reservation on opentable for friday at 6pm . it wa not packed at all but the hostess decided to sit u outside without asking where we will prefer to sit . it wa really hot that day so it wa pretty uncomfortable . i immediately noticed that a lot of cmu undergrad worked there . while i wa dining there i saw 3 cmu classmate . i started off with the gazpacho and it wa very tasty . we were also given some bread with a lavender goat cheese spread . the spread wa ok. for the entree i got the roasted pepper cavereccia that had crab in it and ricotta cavatelli with sausage.for the cavereccia i thought there wa going to be big chunk of crab but i wa disappointed to see that the crab wa shredded into small piece . the pasta wa a little undercooked and the sauce wa ok.the cavatelli wa extremely oily . the more you ate it the more you saw the pool of oil it wa swimming in . i had to wipe some of the oil off the pasta . lastly i had the dark chocolate raspberry bread pudding . it wa pretty good but i wish there were more raspberry in it . service wa pretty good and the decor outside wa nice , although , it got really stuffy in the outdoor tent . this place is pretty expensive and based on the food i would not go back for that price .
i took my boyfriend to casbah at the end of september for his birthday . we were seated near the door for our reservation however it wa a very warm night so it wa nice to sit in an open air setting . our server , her name ha slipped my mind , wa excellent . i am not a fan of red wine but my boyfriend is and it being his birthday , of course i said let is get a bottle of red . we explained to our server what white varietal i enjoy and she suggested a bottle ( which ha also slipped my mind being month ago that we were there ) that wa perfect-both of u enjoyed it . we started off with the papardelle . the rabbit wa delicious and it wa perfectly seasoned , perfectly cooked-the flavor were amazing together ! for entree , my boyfriend ordered the duck and i ordered the short rib ravioli . his word to describe the duck were `` life changing '' . i wa only able to taste a small piece of his since he ate it so quickly , but i agree it wa excellent . the short rib wa so tender and juicy . i wa concerned it would be overly salty and it wa not . it wa the best ravioli i have eaten hand down ! for dessert , we ordered a cheese tasting . it wa the perfect way to end our meal-with the cheese tasting and a glass of wine . i can not wait to go back to casbah and sample some other items-i would have ordered the entire menu on our first visit if i could have !
not sure what really need to be added about this restaurant ; it is very very good ( my favorite in pittsburgh ) but by far not inexpensive . the best thing you can do , and i am not sure if it ha been touched on in previous review , is join the big burrito group mailing list ; you will receive a free coupon for an entrée around your birthday to be used within a certain time period ... make it a really good deal . oh , their wine menu is ridiculously overpriced ... call up to find out their current corking fee ( i think around $ 15 buck ) and bring a better bottle at a better price than you are willing to spend there .
we had a reservation for saturday night dinner and arrived timely . three time over 20 minute the hostess told u they were setting our table . there were 3 or 4 empty table we could see a we waited , yet we were not seated . no one wa seated at those table not sure what the deal wa with the hostess . also , she wa extremely rude . however , our server wa delightful and the food wa delicious . too bad the evening started out on the wrong note . management need to give some lesson !
this might be the best food i have had in pittsburgh.the restaurant set up is a little odd in that there is a tented outdoor space that you walk through to get to the hostess stand . the hostess stand is located in the indoor space . we were seated in the outdoor section in a corner which wa fairly drafty . this is the only negative point i have about the meal.we ordered the cheese tasting menu , the duck , the scallop pasta , and the lemon sponge cake . each bite wa perfect -- flavorful and expertly cooked . the waiter wa friendly and knowledgable . we left feeling full and happy .
ah , the piccolo gusto menu for lunch . for $ 15 choose soup or salad , plus a half sandwich , plus a pasta . you are not limited to a few choice . it is really difficult to come up with a trio because it is all so good . the tomato soup is amazing , but that is just a start . the short rib ravioli is to die for . it is really hard to narrow it down ... . treat yourself to a sumptuous lunch in a beautiful restaurant with great service . p : you must have bread !
this used to be my all time favorite restaurant for dinner in pittsburgh . the food is always top notch - lunch , dinner and brunch . i think for brunch they offer one of the best bloody mary is in the city , with just the right amount of kick ! my favorite dinner entree wa the casericcia - not sure if i spelled it correctly . why did they ever remove it from the menu is anyone is guess . it wa amazing . i went there for my birthday dinner and wa ready to order it when the waiter explained that they removed it from the menu despite it being one of their most popular dish . what a total let down . nothing compare to it in my book . that is the only reason i am giving casbah a 4 star review ... please please please bring it back ! !
while i have always had a great experience with my food , i feel the need to update my prior review based on my experience at brunch today . when my food came out , there wa a very visible hair on my plate . i wa with a large group and did not want to make a scene , so i mentioned it to the server who immediately took my plate away . the manager on duty came out to apologize , which i did appreciate . however , i wa a little surprised because when they brought my plate out about 5 minute later , i could tell that it wa the same exact plate . first off , it wa not even warm , so if they made my meal on the spot you would think it would be hot , or at the very least warm . i had also substituted bacon for the sausage that normally come with the entree , and if the chef had made a new plate on the spot , he would probably have sent it out with the sausage ( or with a side of bacon again ) , which he did not ( they had served my bacon on the side when they brought it out initially ) . everything wa in the exact same place on the plate . i wa not going to cause a scene , so i pretended to enjoy it , but did not . i wa quite repulsed.in my last review i had said that casbah wa my favorite restaurant in pittsburgh . i had mentioned that the cassericia dish wa my favorite but that they had removed it from the menu the last time i tried to order it there for dinner . i received a response from someone at the restaurant that she wa not sure why i would think that because it is still offered , and i explained that the waiter told me it wa removed from the menu . i am not really sure what happened here , but i can tell you this ... i do not think that casbah is my favorite anymore . in fact not only is it not my favorite , it ha taken a plunge to the bottom of my list of place to eat . for me , if you expect to eat at a top restaurant , the service should be top of the line , and it ha just been too inconsistent for my taste . no thanks casbah !
every time i have been to casbah for lunch , brunch , or dinner , the food ha been great and the service ha been impeccable . sure , i have had more exceptionally delicious and unique meal in pittsburgh , but casbah ha consistent awesomeness down pat . just get a reservation ahead of time . also , the dessert are mandatory ! the duck confit gnocchi is smashing -- it is a nice balance of slightly sweet and very savory -- and my favorite is probably the casbah double-cut pork chop : super-yum comfort food . the short rib ravioli is some pot-roasty goodness , and the long island duck is another great choice . a nice surprise here are the great happy hour special at the bar . try the boyd & blair cocktail and the sangria .
let me say that my five star are based primarily on the calamari appetizer ... it is sooo good ! the squid wa very lightly battered and fried so briefly that it wa tender and delicious . seriously , it wa one of the best i have eaten , and i have made it a point of sampling calamari . the entree ( short rib ravioli and cavatelli ) were very good , too . a for the carrot cob for dessert , forget it . it only detracts from the otherwise wonderful meal .
upon receipt of the much-coveted big burrito birthday voucher , i had to make the tough decision about which of their restaurant to visit . i wa torn between casbah and eleven , but upon perusing the menu , reading review , and giving the matter much thought , i settled on casbah . i knew i will made a good decision when i invited some friend to join me , and they said that , based on their past experience , i will made an excellent choice ! our meal started off with a few slice of bread , which came with butter and a greek yogurt spread . the butter wa good , but the yogurt spread wa amazing , and both of them dressed up the bread very well . we then ordered an appetizer of the bruschetta , which wa not your normal bruschetta , but wa delicious . i am not entirely sure of the ingredient , since what we received doe not match the menu description posted on the website , but one notable thing about it wa that it had some pomegranate seed that gave it a subtle sweetness and juiciness , complementing the other savory ingredient . for my entree , i ordered the orecchiette , a dish consisting of ear-shaped pasta tossed in a goat cheese and sage cream sauce , with chicken and dried cranberry . flavorwise , this wa one of the most well-balanced dish i have ever eaten , with the savory ingredient and sweet hint from the cranberry ( which were actual cranberry , rather than craisins , a i will imagined ) melding together in perfect culinary harmony . the pasta wa also cooked to a perfect al dente firmness , which held up well in the microwave several day later when i ate the leftover . the cranberry-lime dry soda that i ordered to go with this entree complemented it very nicely , and wa a great alternative to wine ( while i wa tempted , i did not order any since my dining companion decided not to , due to having driven ) .my two dining companion ordered the scottish salmon and the gnocchi , respectively . based on the sample that they provided me , casbah did a great job on these dish , a well ! the salmon had a subtle saltiness that complemented the flavor nicely , without overpowering it . my friend who ordered it had had it before at casbah , but had since been to scotland , and he said that it wa very similar in quality and taste to the version of this dish that he will tried there . the gnocchi wa one of the most unique and varied dish i have encountered , and , based on the two bite that i tried , brought the ingredient together in a medley of flavor and texture . i think my friend who ordered it described it best by saying that every bite wa a bit different , but that they were all delicious ! although all of u tried bite of each other is dish , we each liked our own choice best , so we chose well.after our entree , we decided to order dessert . although i wa tempted by the dark chocolate raspberry bread pudding , since many reviewer speak highly of it , i decided to follow my instinct and get the chocolate-hazelnut bomba . i am so glad that i did , since this dessert wa amazing ! if you like dark chocolatey , torte-like dessert or nutella , this dessert is a must-try . since i mentioned i wa at casbah for a birthday dinner , the dessert wa served with `` happy birthday '' written on the plate in chocolate icing , which wa a nice touch . my dining partner ordered the creme brulee to split between themselves , which came topped with an apple compote . based on the bite that i tried , it wa a good rendition of a brulee , but could not match the star power of the chocolate bomba.we visited at 7:30pm last sun. , at the later end of their serving hour , but service from our waiter , brian , wa very good . we were seated in the tent-like area in the front of the restaurant , which stayed surprisingly warm during most of our visit . at one point before dessert , upon returning from the restroom , i noticed that it will cooled off , but the manager came out to turn on the heating element , and it warmed back up in le than 10 min.in sum , if you are looking for a solid fine dining experience with innovative , delicious food , casbah is a great choice . the food wa impressive in it quality , and the service wa what i have come to expect at a higher-end restaurant . i will particularly recommend getting on the big burrito mailing list to receive a $ 30 birthday voucher and $ 10 off coupon for the holiday , and taking advantage of one of these occasion to try it . i am certain that you will be a pleased with your experience there a me and my dining partner !
three strike and you are out ! we had brunch there a few month back , and the meal wa so salty that we could barely begin to eat it . that meal wa comped and i figured it wa an off day . we went back about a month later for dinner , and that meal wa also very salty and we could not finish it . we were willing to try again , so we went for dinner tonight . i ordered the filet , and it wa like eating a salt shaker . i wa shocked that , for a third time , i had a piss poor meal at casbah . i sent that back , and ordered the sea bass . when i got to the end of the piece of fish , it wa raw . needle to say , i will never return to this restaurant . looking back , what should i have expected from the sister restaurant of mad mex ?
casbah continues to be my favorite pittsburgh restaurant . high quality service and creative dish . sign up for mailer for big burrito special offer and birthday discount . must try : calamaricheese plateshort rib raviolipork chopwatermelon gin fizz
at this time , i have officially had every meal of the day at casbah ( it is great ! ) . here are my thought from my three visit : first time wa for dinner ( june 2014 ) with my big burrito birthday coupon . we sat outside , where it wa pleasant even though it wa the middle of the summer . they were generous with the table bread and i really liked their goat cheese yogurt spread . i got the orrechiette chicken pasta and bf got the filet mignon . the pasta wa ok ( see lunch review for update ) and came in a large portion . the filet mignon wa perfection . i made bf share with me : ) the roasted potato with the green chutney were also heavenly . definitely a lovely way to spend my birthday.second time wa for a weekday lunch with a college friend visiting ( nov 2014 ) . we had the 2 $ 10 off entree coupon and ordered off the gusto menu ( a fancy version of panera is you pick two ) . i got the orrechiette again and a turkey avacado sandwhich . the pasta wa delicious this time , so i am thinking it wa just one-uped by the filet mignon at dinner . friend got the vege risotto which she liked . i like that casbah is willing to customize plate at no extra charge or nuisance - they removed all bacon item from my entire meal and replaced them with other dressing , etc . i really appreciated that . even without the coupon the gusto lunch menu is a great deal ! third time i went for brunch with another girlfriend ( dec 2014 ) . i love brunch and casbah took the cake . the table scone , pastry etc were delicious a wa the accompanying cinnamon butter . our waiter wa very nice and helpful and wa again quick to help customize my vegetarian friend is need . i got the mimosa which wa delicious . smoked salmon appetizer wa a good a the other yelpers say and the portion wa humongous . finally , i got the scallop omelette and they had no issue giving me my favorite home fry a the side instead of the grit . friend got the salad appetizer and the spinach egg benedict . she loved the egg not such a big fan of the arugula salad ( which i have had and liked ) . we each had a $ 10 off brunch which made this a steal : ) we were able to sit outside even in the winter which wa nice.all in all , i love casbah . i am a student so it is a little expensive for me . but i go every chance i get . look out for big burrito coupon !
mixed result . made a reservation and we were seated in a dark corner at a tiny table . is the money from having that table worth the negative experience guest will receive ? methinks not . i had to ask to be moved to the patio , which wa much better.the drink we ordered from the bar were watery ( the manhattan and some drink with applejack in it ) . later , they made a mistake and sent u the wrong cocktail , which turned out to be much better than the one we wanted . appetizer ( meatball with brussels sprout and beet salad ) were very good , but the main course left a lot to be desired in term of seasoning . the texture of the short rib in the ravioli wa not quite right , sort of dry , maybe overcooked . we had a bread pudding for dessert , which wa probably the best part of the meal . i expect a better overall experience for the money .
great place for so many occasion . my husband took me on our first date here for a very intimate night out ( i definitely wa impressed ) . he took me back for a surprise birthday party in their downstairs area . the food is always out of this world . i have said to my self on multiple occasion ( while reading the menu ) `` i am not sure what some of these ingredient are but casbah never disappoints '' and they never have ! ! i can not wait to live in pittsburgh again , this is my first stop .
stopped here for drink before we went on to dinner elsewhere . in hindsight , we wish we had stayed here . : - ) we had a couple of great beer and just enjoyed the excellent music soundtrack before we moved on to our next designation . i hope to come back here sometime in the future and actually have ... a meal . i like this funkier part of town .
i do not know of any place that come to close to the quality of mediterranean food offered at casbah . they have a daily menu that combine unique ingredient into a great blend . my favorite on their menu are their spinach casareccia ( which i customize with tuna steak instead of chicken ) and their gnocchi ( in that order ) . they are open to customizing their menu so if you want half and half of each dish , they are happy to do that for you . that is a huge plus for me . they are safely my favorite big burrito restaurant
i am a huge fan of almost all thing big burrito and casbah is no exception . i have been to casbah so many time over the year that the visit all meld together , but on this particularly occasion i had the arugula salad to begin with which wa delicious and my friend had the butternut squash soup which she really enjoyed . we both ordered the the scottish salmon which wa so delicious and tender that it literally melted in my mouth . the house-made pasta are always a great option if a is the duck or the lamb which i have had both on a few occasion . their wine list is always spectacular - on this visit i had a glass of the riesling from urban , germany and my friend had a glass of pinot grigio from lenotti , italy . we had no room for dessert on this visit , but any of their dessert that have the meyer lemon is always a hit and i am a die-hard chocolate fan and i will forgo chocolate for one of their delicious meyer lemon dessert creation . i have not been to casbah for brunch in quite some time , but after having gone to eleven recently for brunch , i am keen to try casbah for brunch again soon .
i enjoyed my previous experience at casbah , but this past weekend wa a disappointment . despite having a reservation well in advance , my husband and i were seated at a horrible table right next to the hallway that lead to the kitchen and bathroom . there wa a constant stream of distraction . service wa also really slow and my sea bass wa bland . i expected better from casbah ...
i really enjoyed my dining experience at casbah.the cheese plate wa extremely large and really good . there wa a nice balance of cheese to eat.my date and i both ordered pasta dish . when a restaurant make their own pasta from scratch , how do you order anything else ? the non-pasta dish that went past our table looked great , but i think we made the right decisions.my date had a pasta with scallop and crab . it wa amazing . i had a pasta with kale and sausage . it wa equally amazing . i felt casbah wa heavy on their sauce.casbah ha a large wine selection , but i felt the stand out option wa the port wine flight for desert .
i had my first experience with casbah on a recent friday night in a group of 4 without a reservation arriving around 9pm . here is a summary of our experience : pro : - ambiance is nice , upscale , not too loud . - we were able to find a low table in the bar within 15 minute . - drink were good , generously proportioned . cocktail were priced a expected for the type of place ( $ 10- $ 14 ) . wine list had multiple option by the glass.- a for the meal , the meat were good cut , well prepared . con : - overall the food felt rich with cream , fat , salt without any particular inspiration showing through . the ingredient were all good and well sourced , but the finished product did not seem to elevate them in any particular way . - the service wa high end of amateur - not what i wa expecting from this caliber of restaurant . our 30 minute wait stretched to 1hr 30min without any meaningful acknowledgement by the staff . upon sitting we were told that they usually have `` excellent sourdough bread '' , but they were out of it for tonight so we had ciabatta ( which wa fine , but we didnt need to hear what we did not get to have ) . food : ( vegetarian option reviewed directly , meat option a reported by dining companion ) - cheese plate : nicely prepared with a good range of cheese . only complaint wa that the cheese were served too cold to fully appreciate them . - beet salad : the green were good , the dressing wa a bit too mild to offset the beet , the beet themselves were gritty and not particularly well cooked . - squash soup : overall very good - quite rich but flavorful . felt like the salt and cream were taking over the squash - mushroom pasta : again quite rich and salty . packed with high quality mushroom but did not feel that they were quite given justice due to the salt and butter . pasta wa high quality but again , overshadowed by the salt and butter . - steak : good cut of meat , cooked well.- ragu pasta : excellent pasta dish well cooked , reported to be almost a good a piccolo forno is . overall : a similar experience at 2/3 the price would have received 3 star , for the price of the meal this wa barely a 2 star event . we will not be going back , even with the lure of 2 for 1 entree around our birthday - the food just is not that good even discounting the service . i am sure they will continue to do well with a certain crowd , but there are much better dinner option out there .
after a few miss in pittsburgh , casbah came through . most of the dish were pretty good , though i think the pork chop are the best . my pasta wa very good - great savory and flavorful sauce . portion were large too . if you are in town and need a solid place to go , casbah is a great pick .
oh , casbah . i love when i get the opportunity to dine within your wall . your food is delicious . my boyfriend and i enjoyed a lovely dinner this past weekend . did i mention that it wa his birthday ? we were seated outside along the catwalk ( aka , the walkway from the front door into the main restaurant ) . it wa a chilly night , so the heater above u were pumping out the heat . i mean , it wa not warm , it wa h-o-t . yes . it wa better than freezing our tooshes off , but it wa a bit , well , uncomfortable to say the least.now onto the positive ... we devoured the veal & pork meatball for an appetizer . the anson mill polenta , roasted tomato , garlic , crispy brussels sprout , and parmigiano-reggiano played very nicely together.for our main entree , i ordered the gnocchi . this wa not just any gnocchi . instead , duck confit , brussels sprout , fig , lacinato kale , thyme , pecorino romano , and shag bark hickory nut accompanied the fluffy little pillow of goodness.he ordered the casbah double-cut pork chop served with braised kale , prosciutto & parmesan risotto , garlic cream , and sage jus.no dessert this time - trying to keep my new year is resolution.see you soon , casbah
this is my absolute favorite restaurant in pittsburgh ; i have never been disappointed after dining at casbah ! we received a gift card and enjoyed a fabulous dinner starting with the mussel appetizer in a tomato based sauce . yum ! and then i had lamb loin with sweet potato and brussel spout and cherry sauce . what a beautiful presentation and taste . my husband had the pasta with scallop and crabmeat . he wa equally pleased with his dish . we really liked the wine selection too ! we had cappuccino for our dessert , and it wa the perfect ending to the meal . we will definitely be back !
i think casbah is a bit underrated . pittsburgh ha a number of very good restaurant : legume , meat and potato , butcher and the rye , eleven , and cure make up the pentagon of the best place in town . casbah , along with salt , are in that second tier.my partner and i have been here for dinner twice . each time , i thought the food wa very good . i can not remember what my order wa the first time we came here , but the most recent time i had a mushroom bisque soup , meatball and the gnudi for the appetizer ( split between the two of u ) , and the sea bass for the entree . i really enjoyed the mushroom bisque , but it is definitely for those who like strong mushroom flavor . the sea bass came on a bed of delicious polenta , which : i do not usually expect polenta to be amazing , but this one wa . the sea bass itself wa moist and flaky with ton of flavor . my partner had the lamb , and thought it wa good but also suspected it might have been too raw inside ( it wa more than pink ) . the drink were also quite good , if not stellar.casbah also ha a very pleasant atmosphere , even though it is quite large inside . the wait staff is helpful without being in the way ; one of my least favorite thing is having a waiter or waitress ask me within second of getting my food how everything is ( give me a few minute to actually eat it , ok ? ) and mercifully nothing like that happened here . a very nice dining experience overall .
casbah is one of my favorite spot for an after-work drink or a romantic meal . the lighting and decor are very calming and inviting . the menu is refined mediterranean with some modern twist . the waitstaff is attentive , timely , and always take care of my food allergy . i always order sea bass or some sort of fish here , because they sear it to perfection . the chef actually made up their own side for my dish because i wa allergic to the one on the menu . i received delicious crispy potato and sauteed arugula . fantastic touch ! they have a great wine list , a well . i would recommend casbah to pretty much anyone , but it is especially nice for a one-on-one meal or a drink at the bar .
have i mention i love the big burrito group ? all i did wa confirm that i still wanted to be subscribed to their email list and they sent me a free lunch entree for responding . i decided to use this coupon to try one of their restaurant that i have not yet.yum . i decided to go with the piccola gusta option , so that i could try a bit of everything . i went with the arugula salad , gnocchi and sword fish sandwich . it wa all outstanding.unfortunately there wa a large dark hair in my salad that i noticed immediately ( thank goodness ) and our waiter took care of it promptly . a lot of time i would let that ruin my experience but i tried very hard to not let it . anyway , finished the meal with the carrot gob . again , yum ! ! our service after that wa just okay . he seemed to kind of forget about u ? it wa a bit odd . at one point we had no fork for a while with entree in front of u . i guess i always expect something a little more a far a service when something like a hair accident happens.the food make this place hand down a long a there is not hair in it ! we sat in the covered indoor porch area which wa cute for lunch , but honestly seemed a though they segregated people by their appearance in who sat inside when going in to use the restroom . once they work on their service casbah could easily be 5 star . maybe next time !
this past sunday my girlfriend and i decided we would do a post-valentines brunch at casbah , and it wa just what we were looking for . they have a deal where you get a brunch cocktail , appetizer , and entree for only $ 28 . this wa a great deal in my opinion . the food wa delicious . i had the smoked salmon appetizer and the sea scallop entree . the scallop were perfectly prepared , not chewy or gummy . they were accompanied with sweet potato and onion and usually sausage- i asked the waiter for no sausage a i am not a meat eater . all in all a great experience and we will definitely be back !
it is hard to judge and review based on takeout alone , especially at a place with such an atmosphere like casbah , but here it is go ... my bos decided to treat u all for lunch so i looked for something that appealed to me . i must admit that the menu scared me at first . it is definitely more of an upscale kind of place , but not quite a `` suit & tie '' affair . i settled on the bacon and turkey club . seemed safe . i did not think it wa anything amazing . yes , i said it . i have been looking forward to eating here , too ! the sandwich wa just sort of ... plain . the sauce were bland and did nothing for me . it all just seemed very dry . aside from the tasty bread and bacon , i wa not too impressed . for a cheaper price , i could have ordered a club sandwich from a mom and pop is greasy spoon and been more satisfied . i also ordered a salad which consisted of lettuce and beet . dressing wa okay , but a little tangy . all in all , i will like to return and actually enjoy a meal in the restaurant . atmosphere doe a lot for a place so a trip back is definitely in order . also , i will like to actually study the menu and ask some question to make sure i can order something good . at work i wa a little rushed to make a decision.side note - the takeout packaging is awesome . high quality microwaveable/reusable plasticware !
cashbah ha valet parking and nice bathroom , which are two of the most important thing to me when evaluating a nice restaurant in pittsburgh . the food is fine , but it is a bit fussy for my taste . and the service ha never been outstanding , but it is always been fine .
i want to start by saying that it kill me to give casbah two star and i wish there were two rating system - one for the food and another one for service since my review is really about the latter . the food a always is exceptional.i have been going to casbah for well over a decade and it is a place where my family ha always celebrated special occasion because of the wonderful atmosphere , food and the great service - or what used to be great service . we went to casbah last night for dinner to celebrate a family birthday expecting to have a nice , memorable evening . ala ! that wa not to be . our server ( seth ) and the service provided by him can be described in just one word - indifference . he went through the motion of taking our order and bringing u our food but that wa it . we were never told of any special . we were not brought any bread till we asked for it . we were not asked for re-fills on our drink or even our water . we were not once asked how the food wa and if we needed anything else . on ordering dessert , we were not asked if we needed coffee or drink to go with and so on . in my book , indifference is worse than bad service . i could have looked past it if it wa just the server is style and lack of work ethic ( every place ha some of those people ! ) but what really highlighted this lackluster service wa that the very same server wa providing exceptional service to a neighboring table with a much larger party than ours . perhaps because gratuity wa automatically included ? i do not know but suffice to say i wa very disappointed and somewhat annoyed . casbah is not your `` neighborhood '' place to drop in for dinner and the food and ambiance do not come cheap . so the least they can do is to make sure that service is consistent . it is relatively easy to attract new customer but really tough to sustain them . i hope this wa just a one-time occurrence but i feel like i need to highlight it in a public forum in the hope that someone from big burrito see this and ha it addressed . i am so disappointed . i hope i can go back there again . i would hate to lose this place !
the hubby and i got here super early so we went to the bar and had wine , the boyd and basil , and blood and sand . all very very good . we then got sat at a table outside . they have an amazing outdoor patio that is covered and heated in the winter , you would not even know the difference ! except i am always cold a is and we were originally sat not under heat vent . we did ask for a different table , basically because ima baby and could not handle it , it wa not that cold , but cooler than i could handle . the charred octopus wa good to start , our server rebecca wa amazing ! very sweet and professional , def knew her stuff . for entree we had the filet mignon and pork chop . the filet wa on point , my only complaint wa that they did not take temp on the pork . we would have loved it medium but they cook it med well or so , which of course , is going to make it a little dry and tough . dessert wa great and we had olive and a cheese plate to go , overall s great evening !
although we have only had brunch here , i am not totally sure that we will be back for dinner service . casbah is a whopping .2 mile from home ( that is at least a thousand foot ! ) so while it convenience and accepting of reservation reign high on my list of must-haves , the food left me slightly disappointed . considering the price point here , we have dropped a star level or so.i made reservation for brunch ( definitely do this ; the place wa full when we arrived at noon ) and strolled through the patio ( ? ) area to the actual ( ? ) restaurant . that set up is strange itself ; especially with no indication of where i am headed . we were quickly seated in close quarter with our other lovely brunch eating brother . service wa fine . we are easy guest , and our waiter wa more than tolerant with the +1 having not scoured the menu to make sure he would like something there like i had . we both opted to go with the prix fixe ; with most item hitting the halfway point , 28 buck seemed great for including an appetizer and cocktail.my bellini wa done right . fancy style , making all the schnapps ( ha ! sorry ) . the appetizer of granola with a lil ' yogurt that seemed more like cream cheese fatty goodness than the very vanilla yoplait lite i typically let myself have ; a sprinkling of berry hit the spot . sweet enough for me -- maple-y and rich -- and did not even for a second seem like someone poured some nature valley in a bowl . the +1 ordered the cinnamon killed polenta and could not get enough.. so i barely got any.our entree though are a different story . +1 got the mushroom and goat omelet with his little roasted potato and his little sausage and his little toast and wa all happy enough with it . i am not so easy , i guess . the brioche french toast sounded great . caramelized pear ! sold ! i received , next to a large , meaty chicken sausage link , a few small piece of fruit and one slice of french toast . how is that a thing ? maybe this is the husky child in me , but i wa not expecting one slice . luckily with the prix fixe , there wa no way i would have been able to eat more than one , but really . if i had only ordered that at some double-digit menu price , i would not be a happy camper.overall , really , it wa fine . the food wa actually better than i make it sound ; it just did not hit the expectation everyone had set for me . the hungry girl me will always require more than one slice of sugar bread . curiosity of dinner with reservation might bring me back if i do not want to make the trek elsewhere with february arctic condition again , maybe .
i came for the sunday brunch prix fixe menu - you get one appetizer and entree with a classy cocktail . i made reservation online a few week in advance , and the restaurant , even with decent indoor and large outdoor ( with heat lamp ) seating , became pretty packed . for the appetizer , i wa able to try the granola , fruit and yogurt , the tomato & basil bisque , and the mushroom and celery root puree , and all were equally delicious . the mushroom and celery root puree i wa a little wary of , but it wa delicious . for the entree , i tried steak and egg , sea scallop fry , and the braised lamb & egg . the portion were substantial and the flavor were all there . the runny yolk with the steak and lamb were glorious . they also have other standard brunch entree , such a a benedict and waffle , but i felt like this wa something you can get anywhere.overall , really satisfied with the brunch we had . the outdoor seating wa beautiful , and the heat lamp kept u pretty warm in the winter .
it wa funny because my boyfriend and i came here spontaneously -- we were going to stop by a pizza place for a slice , but decided to stop into casbah instead . totally different atmosphere and dining experience . it is a pretty romantic setup . when we went ( around 8pm on a thursday ) , there were not too many people there . i felt like the service wa good . they did not treat u like second rate citizen even though we were in casual clothes and i wa carrying my backpack ( typical student outfit ) .we had the tuna tartare , which wa lovely . then , we tried the duck with gnocchi and spinach which wa also delicious and a great blend of flavor . for dessert , we had the chocolate cheese cake bombe , which wa just ok . it looked pretty , but the flavor were not anything special . oh , they also had really nice house made bread that came to our table warm , crusty and crunchy outside and soft inside.overall , casbah wa a good experience , but i am not drooling a i think back to the meal . i am not sure i will go back because there are other place to try and the price point make it somewhere i would not just go to on a normal day .
my introduction a a youth ( dating back aways ) to gourmet and class . 15 year later , still delivers the good . cheer !
it is due time to update this review . why ? because i had a phenomenal brunch here , and it totally restored my faith in not only casbah , but big burrito . i can not lie , i love what the big burrito group doe . i think all their restaurant are awesome , but casbah wa always my least favorite . now , i feel it is on par with the others ! i love a good prix fixe brunch , and for $ 28 you receive a cocktail , appetizer and entree . so i started off with a mimosa ( always a good start ! ) . then i ordered the tomato & basil bisque and parmesan crostini , which wa excellent . i am very judgmental of tomato bisque , a it is one of my favorite soup . then came the main course . braised lamb & egg : braised elysian field farm lamb shoulder , spinach , poached local egg , tarragon , grilled sourdough . i love lamb so hard . it is by far my favorite meat , but it ha to be cooked with care . this definitely had flavor , wa tender and paired perfectly with the spinach and egg . i could not finish my meal , so they boxed it up . i separated the sourdough and the rest of the dish so the bread would not get soggy , and our server gave it to me without the sourdough . i mentioned i did that on purpose and he immediately went back into the kitchen and got me fresh bread . how nice is that ? now i am excited to try other meal here again !
i like this place . it is 5 min walk from my home to casbah and now we are finally here . the place look really greekish and i like the fake candle on the table : ) our waitress is really nice and friendly and seems to have a brightening personality , which is enjoyable . we ordered a bottle project paso and it go perfectly well w the entree . for apps , we had sheep is milk gnudi . it is super tasty and i like the lobster and the lemon sauce together . we had the famous pork chop and the long island duck for entree . both are really good . the duck ha the fatty juicy leg separated from the thin nice part , which is really thoughtful and help boost the flavor . the pork is not bad either . but the texture of the meat is a little too dry for my liking . if not for the sauce and the braised kale , the dish would be disappointing . then came out dessert : the vanilla bean creme brûlée and the chocolate de creme . omg i can not even find a word to describe how good they are ! the creme brûlée is so much better than the one i had in joseph temberllini . i am totally blown away by the rich taste of vanilla and egg . the chocolate de creme is perfect , too . the texture is between ice creme and fudge , really nice and smooth . my friend said that she could have another two of this . in general , casbah is a nice restaurant with great food and thoughtful service , 5 star !
parking : street parking or valet . initial thought : i have heard this place had great food , and since i wa quite hungry , i wa excited . wait time : we had a reservation , so we were seated right away . service : great - the waiter were attentive and made sure we were enjoying our meal and had our water glass filled . appetizers/small dish : cheese tasting with 5 cheese - it wa so tiny . not worth the price . the cheese were interesting , but for the cost i expected more than just a few small slice of bread , a few slice of cheese , and a dollop of jam . main dish : long island duck - too salty . i thought the duck itself wa cooked well , but a i wa eating it i had to constantly drink water to make up for the taste . there were a few measly piece of gnocchi . there wa no lavender flavor or kumquat . i would recommend getting something other than this dish if you do go . drink : we ordered a bottle of riesling , which wa good but nothing special . cost : the main dish were all around $ 30-35 . for the cost , i expected the flavor to wow me , but really i just need a lot of water to drink . ambience : we sat in the part of the restaurant that wa under a tent-like structure . it wa a bit chilly , but they had the heated light on . it is dark , so do not expect to take any good photo . overall : just okay . i wish i could give it more star , but really it wa disappointing . after that unsettling duck main dish , i am not sure if i am willing to try this place again .
had my first dinner there last evening . excellent service , very attentive and pleasant.the bread came warm with sea salt butter served and another spread both were delicious . i ordered the lamb loin and it wa outstanding . just the right portion size , the potato were beyond delicious . i do not normally have desert but i ordered a chocolate raspberry bread pudding that wa also wonderful . i could only eat half so i took the rest home.bar wa very nice and seat comfortable and the atmosphere wa casual too formal . nice warm environment . i am new to the area and have found parking a challenge , but what city doe not have that problem , but the casbah ha valet parking - nice .
i have been to casbah several time now and each dinner experience ha been even better than the last . i have tried several pasta , seafood , and meat dish and not a single one ha ever disappointed . the aspect of casbah that i feel set it apart from even the other big burrito restaurant is it quality of service . they are extremely polite , knowledgeable , and hard-working !
fantastic food , fresh locally sourced , great service . had the gnoodi and it wa to die for . ramp , morel , english peas- omg ! at the table we had the salmon , braised short rib ravioli and pappardelle - all fantastic . would come back again if in the area !
everything wa great ! the only problem i had wa that there wa just not enough food .
quick business trip to pittsburgh . thanks to you yelp i found casbah . duck entree wa to die for . service is top quality . highly recommended ! thanks yelp ! thanks casbah !
stopped by in the afternoon for a quick bite to eat . the main dining room is closed in the afternoon before dinner between 2:30-5pm , but you can still order from a small menu at the bar . they were very friendly and accommodating . we tried the scallop and flatbread with hummus/baba ghanoush/red pepper muhummara , both were fantastic and well done . would definitely go again to try something from their regular menu !
i have heard much about casbah being one of the best eatery in the 412 . i went on their pasta special and got the ricotta ravioli and the short rib ravioli . the ricotta wa the second most expensive dish on that menu and we received two saggy , bland pouch of what tasted like a microwaved lunchable . the short rib wa doused in a gravy-like sauce that overwhelmed any taste or subtlety that may have existed . heavy and bland . not generally what i go out to eat for . the service wa also extremely slow . 20 minute to get our bread and 50 to get our appetizer .
pasta fest should be called deception fest . we got an email inviting u to come to pasta fest thinking it would be regular portion at a discounted price . wrong it wa smaller portion at a higher price . i never felt so ripped off . $ 15 for one meatball and three bite of pasta . the server warned u about the small portion but wow . you got me this time but never again .
i signed up for my big burrito birthday coupon and knew casbah wa the place i wanted to go to use it ! being that it is a little out of my price range normally , i figured it wa the best place to use my coupon and celebrate my birthday ! believe it or not , this wa the 2nd big burrito restaurant that i have ever been to , kaya being my first ( and i only visited the sunday prior to coming here on friday ) . my boyfriend and i made reservation for 6:30 pm on a friday . we only made them the night before and it wa not a problem at all . when you arrive , there is complimentary valet parking- how awesome is that ? we were sat on the covered patio area , which i really loved . it wa a little slanted , which wa weird , but our table wa not thankfully . it wa really beautiful- plant and art all around . we started off with drinks- i ordered the white wine flight . having had a wine flight one other time , i found these to be pretty reasonably priced . i received three small glass of white wine for $ 11 . each one wa delicious and i really loved how they were all from different place ( austria , italy and spain ) . next , we received bread and two type of butter . one wa more traditional and the other wa a homemade lemon and herb butter . i really liked them both ! for my entrée , i ordered the pork chop . it came with a magical mix of sauce and two side dishes- one that wa mainly potato and the other being sautéed kale . wow . the garlic cream sauce wa unbelievable , the pork chop wa huge and literally cooked to perfection . the kale wa perfect , not bitter at all ( how do they do that ? ) - it wa amazing . the portion wa huge and i somehow engulfed the entire thing . my boyfriend ordered the short rib ravioli is and loved it- although he preferred my meal over his . i wa so full that i skipped the desert . they noticed my birthday coupon and presented me with an adorable little plate with `` happy birthday '' written in chocolate and two salted caramels- what an adorable touch ! service wa perfect , the wine wa perfect , the food wa perfect ... now i see what the fuss is all about . this might be one of my new `` special occasion '' spots- and we are planning to come back next month for my boyfriend is birthday ( i need that pork chop in my life again , stat ! ) .
you can not go wrong with casbah . meal and service are deliciously consistent , yet there is enough experimentation to keep thing interesting . my dad and i visited this week , specifically , for pastafest and - a usual - the meal wa nothing short of spectacular . we began at the bar where i mentioned a favorite drink no longer on the menu : the malbec margarita . the bartender wa quick to dig out the recipe box and whip one up to sweet and sour perfection . happy hour price make a stop at this bar one shadyside is best option for higher end post-work cocktail . seated in the bright ( though slightly stuffy patio ) , we began with casbah is exceptional calamari . lightly breaded and fried , the squid wa tender and deliciously sauced with a garlicky aioli and the sweet and sour italian agrodolce ( ahhhmazzzing ) , the combination made for a crave-worthy bite . pastafest provided tasting portion of some old favorite and chef is creation . we shared three : gemelli , jumbo lump crab , sweet corn , guanciale , tarragon : sweet and bright , this dish wa summer on a plate . doppio ravioli , eggplant puree , goat cheese , sweet & spicy pepper , marinated fennel : creamy and rich , the sweet and spicy pepper sauce wa just the acidic kick the ravoli needed to balance perfectly . sheep is milk gnudi , pork ragôut , baby kale , grilled scallion , orange sea salt , extra virgin olive oil : gnudi is an all-time favorite and the pork ragout wa incredibly tender , a gussied up version of bbq and pasta salad.we ended our meal with the milk cake which wa moist and sweet and lovely with the last few sip of wine . the thing about casbah ? i always leave wanting more , which always keep me coming back .
my husband and i love casbah . we had our first date here , he proposed here , we had our first anniversary dinner at casbah not to mention numerous brunch and dinner over the last 5 or so year . we are big fan of all the big burrito restaurant , but we have been especially pleased with the service and food at casbah . since they added valet service , that is one more thing you do not have to worry about . very good portion size , well prepared food , and let me emphasize again- phenomenal service . use your birthday coupon or have your special night out here !
this restaurant came recommended by a friend and i wa not disappointed ! the hummus appetizer wa delicious , a well a the english pea risotto ( vegetarian for my daughter ) and the famous cioppino . i wa also recommended a flight of rose wine when i could not decide between them . they were all delicious ! a a dessert we shared the strawberry rhubarb croustade which melted in your mouth ! a a nice touch the kitchen had written happy birthday on the plate since it wa my daughter is 17'th birthday ! we will definitely go back when in the area , and i would recommend the restaurant to all my friend . we were sitting in the basement , which wa nice and quiet , but their outdoor seating looked very cool a well ( more noisy ) .
my boyfriend recently received very exciting news and wanted to go out on the town to celebrate it . my last experience at casbah wa excellent ( minus the dining partner but that is another story ) so i suggested dining there for this occasion and , since he is not from the area , he trusted my judgment ( and my yelp elite status lol ) to choose a great restaurant . i actually made reservation for 8:15pm this past saturday while i wa on the way back from my vacation . personally , i wa quite surprised there wa still same day dining availability , but of course i did not question it . we arrived right on time and used the complimentary valet ( get your ticket validated before exiting the restaurant ) which wa great , particularly since it wa raining . we were seated inside and normally i would have rather dined outside but due to the rain , i actually appreciated the inside spot . i began with a glass of malbec ( my new favorite go-to wine ) and my bf had a cab . we were brought bread which came with regular butter and another seasoned spread which wa more flavorful . the bread wa fresh and warm , much appreciated since we were both famished . we started off with a cheese tasting and chose the jasper hill `` harbison '' ; vermont , cow is milk , soft ; the sardinia `` calcagno '' ; italy , sheep is milk , hard ; and the misty creek goat dairy leon `` leonora '' ; spain , goat is milk , soft . the tasting wa accompanied by bread ( i believe the same we were first served upon sitting down ) and three spreads-a mustard , a fig spread , and an additional sweet spread , pinkish in color-possibly pomegranite spread . we both loved the tasting and all of the cheese paired excellently with our red wine ! we easily cleared the cheese board . for entree , my bf had the ricotta cavatelli ( house-made fennel sausage , spinach , crushed tomato , ricotta ) and i had the orecchiette ( grilled chicken , dried cranberry , riverview farm goat cheese , sage cream ) . he devoured his pasta , however , i wa able to sneak a small bite for it wa entirely consumed and it wa quite tasty ! the sausage had a bit of spice to it that wa very flavorful . i absolutely loved the orecchiette ! the savoriness of the goat cheese compounded with the sweet tartness of the cranberry wa heaven in my mouth ! the chicken itself wa quite flavorful and the pasta wa cooked perfectly , not too firm yet not too soft . another testament to the greatness of this dish is that my leftover , heated in the microwave the following day , tasted just a good a the meal did when dining at casbah ! unfortunately , we were stuffed to the brim and too full for dessert , which will be on the agenda for our next dining experience here . the only criticism i had this go-around wa the service . we had a male server who wa just not personable , unlike the last time i dined here and the server hit the ball out of the park with her friendliness , multiple suggestion and explanation , and knowledge of the menu . this server never introduced himself , mumbled and talked so quietly it wa difficult to hear him , and rarely checked on u . my wine glass sat empty for quite some time before he came around and i had to ask him for a glass a he did not offer if i will like another . the main reason for dining out is the food , which wa incredibly delicious so i will return , however , i hope next visit the service can match or exceed that of my first visit here since that exceptional service contributed to my wanting to return here again and this particular service made me feel quite undervalued a a customer .
this place is reputation a a high-end restaurant is entirely undeserved . every single entrée my party ordered wa oversalted and bland . and for the price i wa expecting much , much more . if you are looking for quality food for $ 25-35 per plate , go to meat & potato .
casbah is great ! they always over deliver ; whether it be the service , the food presentation or the quality , freshness and uniqueness of each dish starting with the appetizer all the way to dessert they never disappoint . their menu is constantly changing so you never know what you will get each time you go . i also love the atmosphere & eating outside on their patio . casbah is a must try ( and ask to eat on the patio ) !
4.5 star . my husband and i went here a few day ago . we liked the outdoor area that wa `` open tent '' - when we come back we would like to sit out there ( weather permitting , of course ) . the beginning bread basket and goat cheese/salted butter wa fantastic ! we started with the calamari , which had a delicious lemon aioli sauce coupled with an italian sweet and sour sauce . the combo wa delectable ! my husband had the duck , which wa juicy and tender . i had the cavatelli , which wa fantastic on a rainy day . my white wine flight wa wonderful ! we will be visiting again !
i like this place very much , and find it to be reasonably vegetarian-friendly . you have to know what to order , though , to get the best deal , because some thing are just plain overpriced.you should definitely stop in for lunch and get the piccola gusto menu - it is a great deal and is plenty of food . you get to try so many awesome thing , and it is possible for every component to be vegetarian ! it is a way better deal than ordering any one item - they are pretty expensive.i have also been to a dinner party catered there ( in the nice outdoor tent area ) , and they had a great antipasti platter and various pasta we could try . there were actually multiple vegetarian option , which i really appreciated.i would give this place a 5 , but it would be nice if the vegetarian option experienced a much rotation/creativity a the meat one . i love the mafaldine , but it is consistently the only veg pasta on the menu . but service , ambience , and food are all great .
amazing . my family and an out of town family ( super foodies/winos ) ate here once and ended up spending over 3 hour at our table , not because service wa slow , just because it wa a nice environment to chat away an entire evening . we had tuna tartare that wa amazing . i had halibut for my main dish that wa incredible . i did not pay so i am not sure what the bill ended up being but i am sure it dented someone is wallet . while waiting for our entire party to show up we hung around the bar which wa very swanky but not in an overly fancy way . service wa perfect . would love to go back .
i got my big burrito birthday meal voucher in the mail , and i could not decide which place to try . i am a huge fan of eleven and mad mex , but i wanted to try somewhere new . i had previously sampled casbah is food when they catered the dinner for quantum theater is production of tamara . i enjoyed the food at that event so i settled on coming here.the atmosphere of casbah is really cute . it is slightly upscale , but you will still feel comfortable in nice jean . there is a mediterranean theme to the atmosphere , but i do not know that the food is themed that way , despite what yelp says.i ordered the lamb macaroni and cheese because i am a mac and cheese addict . the portion wa exactly lunch sized , and it came with a small salad . the salad wa really just a spring mix of lettuce with an oil dressing , but it tasted good . the mac and cheese wa delicious . plenty of lamb and lot of cheese . it wa on the creamy side of the mac and cheese scale . i would order it again , but i would also like to try other thing on the menu . my friend ordered a sandwich and one ordered a bowl of soup . the sandwich eater felt her turkey sandwich wa pretty standard , but it wa a turkey sandwich . the soup eater wa a fan . again , i plan to come back and test other things.as a side note : the catered meal i previously tried wa family-style chicken with potato and veggie , i believe . it wa good but not what i would expect after seeing the menu for them to serve . i think you are safe to try just about anything here , really.the only odd thing wa that the server really seemed to be fighting for table . everyone wa trying to get our drink and food order , to the point of it being a touch aggressive . not a big deal just an observation .
very good atmosphere , excellent service , food wa also wonderful . had the ricotta cavetelli and it wa great . meatball and cheese were great . wa a very good time and would definitely go back . cocktail were unique and tasty .
we were excited to go to casbah after hearing good thing from local and having gone to mad mex , which wa truly great texmex food . despite trying to be optimistic , we really left unimpressed . here is the breakdown : cocktails/drinks- the list wa unimaginative and wife is cocktail wa neither refreshing , not very strong . the beer offered were not great , one wa flat : 3/10gnuti- this wa somewhat tasty and rich , with well cooked chunk of lobster , however nothing i will remember tomorrow : 7/10octopus- the list of ingredient and fact that it is a mediterranean restaurant make you think this would be light and fresh w a salty kick from the prosciutto . but it seemed to be cooked with the prosciutto and/or brown sugar and wa overcooked , a heavy lumbering dish that not even fennel could make up for . this wa a big disappointment . 2/10halibut- the fish wa well cooked , but the dish wa generic , not exciting nor offensive , forgettable . 4/10casericcha ( sp ? ) - this really wa the standout . the scallop were cooked well and it wa chock full of crab . it wa very rich . nothing about the preparation wa special , and it wasnt spicy and it wa green with pesto so the name red pepper is somewhat of a misnomer , but for the pure weight of fresh lump crab make this dish 8/10 , even with a pretty high price for pasta of $ 35.dessert- milk sponge cake- small and fairly dry , which again , with name `` sponge '' one would be disappointed to expect a moist cake . 3/10.service- the service wa fine , not amazing , seemed like waiter wa a little too busy for the higher price of food . although the ambience on porch wa nice , they seemed to have a hard time regulating the temperature , with various time of sweat building on the brow , throughout the meal . 5/10total : 30/7=4.something and given the price , how good everything looked on the menu and the disappointment of anticipated greatness , i am rounding down . big burrito is a shooting 50 % ( prop to mad mex ) , curious to see how they do in the rubber match .
we went to casbah this past saturday . it is my birthday month and big burrito offer a great deal for anyone who is on their mailing list , providing their patron with a free entrée up to $ 30.00 at any of their location beside umi . i chose casbah since i have been to all of them but this one.our reservation were early at 5pm on a sunday . we arrived seated quickly in their outside seating area , which is very nice . we were brought some water while we reviewed the menu . i decided to start with a manhattan to drink . it wa very nice , and strong . next we decided to order . earlier i looked online at their menu and i decided i would be ordering either the cioppino , littleneck clam , mussel , shrimp , scallop , halibut , grilled sourdough -32 or their long island duck , roasted breast , braised leg , gnocchi , spinach , lavender , peach , duck jus- 29 . i have had the duck dish at soba before and loved it , but i wanted to try the cioppino despite that , since i also love seafood and shellfish . this i would discover wa a mistake . my partner got the pork chop dinner . we placed our order and waited.during our wait they brought some bread . it wa a nice touch ; the bread wa warm and served with two type of spread . by the time our entrées came i wanted another drink and asked for boyd and basil - 10 boyd & blair vodka , fresh lemon , basil , soda , angostura bitter , this wa one of their signature cocktail . so we began to eat . the scallop in the dish were excellent . perfect sear and seasoned , a well a the shrimp . the tiny piece of halibut in the dish and i mean tiny , wa so overcooked . i choked it down but completely unappealing and tiny . the sauce in this fish soup wa also not that great . the dish came with bread to soak up the juice but the bread itself wa burnt and hard . it actually hurt my mouth to bite it and that wa after dipping it in the juice . i wa going to ask for more bread , hold the burn , but our server had not come back . so i finished the meal and said forget it . at this point the drink i ordered wa still not delivered . i wa done eating and had to use the restroom so i told my husband if he came back without my drink to tell him forget it and just bring the check . when i got back to the table that wa indeed what happened . except he told him he wa sorry and if we ordered dessert he would comp my drink . so when he finally returned , he ordered the chocolate cheese cake bombe , pinotage syrup & whipped cream , hazelnut , praline ice cream , gastrique , when the waiter asked me i simply said no thank you , can i just have the drink i ordered ? he brought dessert and my drink and explained it wa `` on the house , and it wa their/his fault . '' no biggy really , i wa way more annoyed with my meal . i think what really bothered me wa one , how small the entrée wa . it wa more suited to be a lunch portion in my opinion . and then how much it wa , but i did have the coupon so i guess i can not complain that much about that . simply put if i had spent $ 32.00 on the meal i got i would have been very upset . lastly , the halibut wa so overcooked and dry , same with the toast , and the sauce wa not that pleasant . all in all i wish i would have gone with the duck . live and learn .
lovely place for delicious mediterranean food and fine service . we went here for a friend is birthday and casbah wa a festive environment . this place is fine dining but it is not stuffy . i tried to keep my fork and knife and the server made joke about how that is not their style . in addition , the patio is a nice romantic backdrop with overhanging light and white curtains.first let me talk about the drink . my husband is moscow mule wa a little stronger than most place would make it , but they do have the copper mug . some place cheap out on that but not casbah . i had a delicious house malbec but then switched over to a grenache and carignan blend . it wa the first time i have had such a mix and i wa so happy with my choice that i ended up ordering another glass . it wa a wonderfully rich and bold ( but not bitter ) combination that wa a superb pairing to our dinner entrees.for starter i had the octopus , which wa ok but not great . there wa too much of a char flavor so it wa almost burnt . the tuna however wa an explosion of flavor . it wa fresh and very flavorful.for my main dish , i had the duck . i double checked with the waitress when i ordered to make sure the skin wa crispy and it wa indeed . the meat wa perfectly tender and the sauce wa sweet and savory.everyone at the table thoroughly enjoyed their meal . the lamb shank is so large you need to get a takeaway bag . the birthday boy is wife arranged for an ice cream before we got to dinner . the waitress seamlessly distracted u with dessert menu while she got the cake ready , so she really added to the birthday fun.all in all , this place really impressed . it can be fun , romantic or celebratory depending on the occasion .
nice outdoor patio dining area . short rib ravioli wa great . the halibut wa also very good .
so , i had been wanting to try this place for some time . i have never been disappointed by a big burrito restaurant , but i guess there is a first time for everything . i ordered the softshell crab , a did three others in our party . it wa awful . it wa mushy on the inside , a though they had not taken the gill off . i have made my own fried softshell crab before ( yes they were alive , and yes i cut their face off ) , so i am no stranger to how they should be prepared and how they should taste . we each only had a few bite and when we told the waiter how bad it wa , he did not really do anything about it . anyway , i am never going back here . sub par at best , go to any of the other big burrito restaurant .
i believe it wa aristotle who once said , `` holy craaaaaaaaaaaaap ! '' based on the dining experience i had last night , i can only assume that he will just eaten at casbah when he said that.pittsburgh is a city that ha no shortage of *amazing* restaurant and among those , casbah is one of the best.i went with my two kid ( foodie at heart and who are both up for anything , always -- no chicken nugget for these two ) and our experience , from the moment we crossed the threshold til we floated out after we were finished , wa damned close to perfection . first off , the wine list . sweet niblets . i had a glass of michel-schlumberger pinot noir that wa so good that my eye actually crossed . crazy good . and the rest of the selection wa just a impressive . we were served a basket of hot-from-the-oven bread with sea-salted butter and this otherworldly strained greek yogurt stuff with lemon that wa so yummy i seriously considered licking the plate . seemed reasonable at the time . appetizer were flatbread with hummus , baba ghanouj , and red pepper muhummara ( sublime ) and veal/pork meatball with crispy brussels sprout that earned a resounding `` omg ! '' from the young uns.the girl child ate -- and swooned over -- short rib ravioli , the boy devoured ( and waxed rhapsodic over ) his orecchiette with elysian farm chicken , and i lost myself in ( and have pledged my troth to ) the best cioppino i have ever eaten ( san francisco , eat your heart out ) .but wait ! there is more ! dessert . holy yum ball . kid # 1 had raspberry-chocolate bread pudding with crême anglaise , kid # 2 had the chocolate cheeesecake bombe . both kid were over the moon and doing thing like pledging to clean their room every day ( that must have been some dessert ) . on top of all this , the service wa ah-mazing . every person who came to the table wa funny and smiling and bending over backward to make the meal all it should have been . and it was.i have eaten at a great many of this city is best restaurant and this wa one of the best experience i have had here .
casbah is my absolute favorite restaurant ! ! i love the sort rib ravioli . the beet salad is terrific and the rasberry bread pudding is to die for ! the valet service is a nice touch so you do not have to worry about parking ! ! one of the time i am going to make it to the brunch ! !
we went here for a wedding rehearsal dinner last night and the experience wa amazing . they set u in a private room in the basement which wa very dimly lit and each table had it own server . we were served a four course meal with a very interesting salad , flatbread with different type of hummus . our main course wa the filet mignon with a delicious creamy potato surrounding it.the dress attire for this place is sort of dressy which is great . there is valet parking which is a huge plus because it is located in a very busy area right on a main street . i would love to come back again with just my wife and try other thing on the menu . we will try to go back .
i live in new york city and i extremely regret venturing to this awful city . this is the worst fucking experience i have ever had at a wine room . i am standing waiting for our table 15 minute past our time .
tasty farm food and well cooked . nice and warm garden especially in the winter . long island duck is excellent !
i have been wanting to try this place for so long a a huge big burrito fan . we finally made it for sunday brunch and happy to report it lived up to my expectation . we sat in the outside area ( covered but with heating lamp ) and had a great waiter . they have a price fix brunch with includes a drink , app and entrée . we decided to just order entree and glad we did a the entree are very large portion . i went with the mushroom and goat cheese omelet but substituted the mushroom with tomato . it also came with toast ( i went with wheat ) , fingerling potato , and choice of a meat-i got the bacon . the omelet wa delicious and the bacon wa crisp just the way i like it . we did have to wait a while to get salt & pepper , ketchup and jelly but finally got it all before our food got cold . others in my party got the egg benedict , shrimp omelet with egg white and waffle . everything got good review . what i also loved wa we got a big pastry basket with biscuit , apple cinnamon muffin and scone . al very tasty and a nice starter . i would really like to go back for happy hour a they have a very nice bar inside .
i know this might sound weird , but : my favorite thing about casbah is the bread . the bread is *apparently* from eleven and it is amazing . if you go for dinner you get a crusty bread that is sliced thinly and served with butter and ( more importantly ) a peppery soft cheese spread . i love this combination . if you go for brunch , they give you a little assortment of bread . i have always received a lime muffin and a biscuit , and last time i went there wa a chocolate scone . i can not remember the third option on the visit before , but they have always been good . it also come with a honey butter that is delicious . one time we even asked for more butter and muffin : ) the ( other ) food at casbah is also very good . i have had a tomato bisque , cauliflower soup , swordfish , different pasta , multiple dessert , and the prix fixe brunch . everything ha been great . i do not think you can go wrong with the food . and , definitely get a dessert . the dessert have all been wonderful . the service is also great and the decor is pretty . the patio is always warm on the winter and it feel more spacious than it doe inside . casbah is one of the restaurant on my `` definitely check it out '' list .
amazing ! we heard casbah had the best calamari in pittsburgh so we just had to try . so when we made a trip to pittsburg in late summer this wa one of our first stop . had the calamari , and it wa outstanding ! it nice and crisp and ha that crunchy but not overpowering outer fryer coating , and then it had this lemon aoli that wa under it . and just on the edge there wa this sweet chili sauce with just enough spice , if you took up a piece , dipped it in the lemon , and then the chili , it wa one of the best thing i have ever eaten , and i have eaten some good stuff . after the calamari we chose their three course lunch meal for only $ 16 . for $ 16 you get so much amazing food ! it start out with a cup of soup , i chose the squash purée , and oh my goodness wa it good ! it wa this thick purée of butternut squash but it had toasted sesame on top and had some very developed rich flavor . after he soup i got half swordfish sandwich and again , amazing ! i am a sucker for swordfish so i may not be the most unbiased person , but it wa soooo good ! it had a nice medium rare swordfish steak on two nicely toasted piece of homemade bread , and on top wa clean and crisp vegetable to make the whole meal so light , and there wa this dressing on it that word can not describe . my final course wa the gnocchi , and i wa literally speechless after just one bit of this heavenly gnocchi . i mean i have been talking this place up , but this gnocchi wa to die for . i literally told the waitress , i would die for just one more bite . it wa like little pillow of goodness in this rich sauce with shagbark hickory nut and hen of the wood mushroom . the strong flavor of the hickory nut and the wood mushroom compliment the softness of the gnocchi perfectly ! oh , and it had rich duck configue in it and the nice meaty duck left you feeling full afterwards . overall , amazing restaurant , i have been back 2 time since then and have been astounded by their food every time . i highly recommend this to anyone with $ 16 and a tongue .
the big burrito chain , which casbah is a member , can not do wrong in my eye . casbah delivers one of the best brunch in pittsburgh . and bonus , while located in busy and crowded shadyside , they have free valet parking . so no complaining about finding a spot to park.the set up is neat . there is a very large front patio that is covered ( and heated in the winter ) that provides a nice california-esq ambiance . so many great choice for brunch that begin with a basket of delicious muffin , scone and bread . you have to choose the pre-fix if you are going to have a bloody mary or mimosa , because that is by far the best deal . or , you can just order your entree and still get a fair deal . i had the egg benedict , which is basically perfect . i have been here at least three time now for brunch and once for happy hour . i need to get back for happy hour because they have some nice special , good apps , and great atmosphere .
casbah wa a great dining experience . it wa recommended to me by a friend and it did not disappoint . i went with my bf for valentine day dinner . we went early so there wa not much of a crowd . but the complimentary valet service wa still a plus in the below-zero weather . the service wa attentive . price are not cheap but it wa worth it . portion size are reasonable . we started out with the cheese plate appetizer . but honestly , the complimentary bread with salted butter and soft , house-made goat cheese wa delicious -- better than the cheese plate . they offered apple butter , fig spread and some type of compote to accompany the cheese . for entree , we got the strozzapretti and the long island duck . i am a vegetarian and the waiter recommended the strozzapretti pasta , which wa amazing . my taste bud were spoiled for the rest of the night . it wa dressed in a flavorful , parmesan butter sauce . the only complaint i had wa that the ricotta wa too mild for the dish so i added some of the goat cheese that came with the free bread . my bf wa pleased with his meal and but gave it 4/5 star . all the dessert looked great . we chose the milk sponge cake with mascarpone cream and ice cream . the sponge texture wa a little too hard , but the other component were excellent . overall , it wa delicious . i plan to go back for lunch , which is much cheaper .
i went to casbah for the first time in december , and it wa so cold ! i wa shivering the entire time . luckily , i had delicious cocktail to warm me up ! i loved their drink selection ! i got the short rib ravioli , and it wa probably one of the best dish i have ever had in pittsburgh . i just loved it . it wa cooked and seasoned perfectly ! the atmosphere and space is great - open and large . i had dressed up a bit , but many patron were dressed extremely casual .
casbah wa alright , but nothing really popped . had the bruchetta which wa a overly creamy and sweet , without enough of an acidic element to cut through the creaminess . the tuna tartare wa acceptable rather one note , tuna itself wa too unimpressive on it own for such an unadulterated plating . the goat milk gnutti were legitimately good , the best part of the meal really , had a lot of flavor playing off each other very well . the scallop/crab pasta entree wa good , but the noodle in mine were a bit more toothsome than al dente . the sauce wa lacking depth of flavor . the scallop were very well cooked , but they were just good scallop , just what any chef should be able to do really . the chilean seabass wa not anything special , sauce lacked depth . the vegetable salad with it wa neat , especially the radish , which lost their strong peppery element in a good way . in all , casbah wa a disappointment . it a high dining mediterranean place , but accomplishes neither very well . if i really had not been exposed to some of the good place to eat in pittsburgh and elsewhere , i might be more impressed . but ala , my standard are admittedly high . but honestly , for the money , there are better place to go.also , if the owner happens to read this , your gas radiant heater in the front dining area are ducted wrong . your air intake is pulling from the dining area , which creates a cold draft coming from the outside walls/windows . you need to have someone duct your intake air to the outside to prevent this , it will make the room much more comfortable and save you money on heating .
i have been plenty and every time i enjoy the food , the drink , and the environment . i would say it is missing a bit of the down home authenticity that most stellar restaurant in pittsburgh seem to have . the dish are inventive and delightful . the patio is perfect on a warm day . for all of these reason i will continue to show here for an early dinner on occasion .
i have been here two time on my birthday . i have not a single bad word to say about this restaurant . everything is delicious and everything leaving the kitchen is made with care . the staff is friendly and the space is inviting .
it an excellent place to grab a bit to eat with friend or family . i went with a number of relative a couple of time while visiting and i really enjoyed the food plus a great atmosphere .
celebrated my birthday day here . first time ever there , we were not disappointed ! ! ! great service , laid back atmosphere and wonderful food ! the calamari and shrimp appetizer wa the best we have ever had . a lemon cream sauce with serrano pepper slice scattered over it . shared an arugula salad with crispy pancetta and a vinegrett dressing ... excellent . dinner were fine a well ! would recommend this to any one wanting a special occasion place to go .
what a great place - nice service , solid food ... will be back for sure . appreciated that they have fundraising dinner too .
i went to casbah for the first time a couple year ago and remembered not being too happy with my experience . i decided to give it another shot , and i am very happy with my decision to do so . last night i arrived to casbah around 9:15 . the kitchen close at 10:00 so we were fine . the male at the host stand seemed pretty irritated that we were just arriving but it wa not like i wa walking in at 9:55 . we opted to sit inside because it wa a little chilly . he the two of u down at a table against the wall in the very back . it wa tiny and cramped and not too mention very poor lighting . almost felt like i wa punished to that table ? so i asked our server to be moved to another table in the restaurant . we served some bread and sea salt butter . in my opinion , the bread wa nothing special . i had a few bite and did not finish much just because i wanted to save room for the more important dish . we were also served some type of greek yogurt for the bread but that combination did not sound appetizing to me . i ordered a 3 cheese selection option a an appetizer . i regret it a little bit now just because i wa served the same bread . i added the prosciutto for an extra $ 4 and it wa very good . i picked the first 3 cheese on the menu ( forget exactly what they were ) . i would have like the server to tell me which cheese wa which , but i enjoyed them nonetheless . in addition i also had the charred spanish rock octopus which wa the highlight of the entire meal . i highly recommend it . i had the casbah ( signature , a i wa told ) double-cut pork chop . this cut wa very large and i ended up taking most of it to go . the rice wa phenomenal , especially the rice that wa under the meat . it had absorbed the flavor from the meat . finally , i decided on the pistachio cannoli . i had a tough time deciding between that and the chocolate pot de creme . the flavor seemed to be a little off and i think i would have like the filling to be a bit sweeter . i also opted for the greek dessert wine pairing , which they only able to serve me half a glass because they ran out . it ended up being free , so i did not mind . my server wa very knowledgeable about the menu and wa able to explain thing very clearly . however , i hate when server go take a smoke break and then leave my table smelling like an ashtray . off putting a i wa eating my cannoli dessert . pretty good experience , but could have been amazing .
i went to casbah for my birthday and it wa so delicious ! i mean , mediterranean food is my favorite ... but then you go and add a wine bar ? ? ? you really can not go wrong . the bread with the butter and yogurt based sauce they offered from eleven wa really good - flavor wise and for holding you over until the main event/entrees : pi had the duck entree which wa just a little too overcooked for me . my boyfriend experienced the opposite and had the halibut which wa a little too undercooked . the flavor were all there though ! we had a pinot noir and a chardonnay and both were great ( esp the chardonnay ) i am excited to come back in the future !
i went to casbah for a research group dinner . pittsburgh wa having a busy weekend due to the university graduation ceremony . we were lucky to get a reservation for a friday evening on the thursday . the cheese plate are a great starter . they really have some good choice . the rock octopus and the flatbread were nice too.for the main course , i had the pork chop since i read good review about the dish . they were fantastic ! i can still taste the juicy tenderness . yum ! the dessert were delicious a well . i tasted the chocolate pot de creme , the dark chocolate raspberry bread pudding , and the creme bruelle . the chocolate pot wa phenomenal !
i like lunching at casbah . the cheese tasting and tomato basil bisque are so good . if i could have them every day i will be thrilled .
updated : i just want to acknowledge that casbah very promptly and very courteously followed up with our office regarding our catering order , and went above and beyond to make it right . it certainly give me tremendous confidence to dine there , and to use casbah again for business function or catering.original : had good experience dinning at casbah - it is pricey , but the food wa always good . so we tried it for catering for lunch for a meeting for 12 people . the quality is more uneven than the restaurant dinning experience . the crab cake sandwich wa excellent , the roast turkey sandwich wa dry and unfortunately i bit into a 2 inch long black plastic piece ( i think it is the wrapping of the turkey , which the slicer just sliced right off , and it made it into the sandwich ) . i hope it is more of an exception to the norm , and will give it another shot . i am impressed with their follow-up customer service .
my fiancé and i had dinner at 7 pm last saturday evening and were impressed with the food but highly unlikely to come back a returning customer because of the service . first of all when the waiter ( adam ) brought our first drink and insisted we order appetizer i told him that we were going to relax for a little while and i would flag him down when we wanted to order anything else . he persisted to come back every other 2 minute for about another 9-10 time until we finally ordered appetizer and within 3 minute of u ordering our appetizer he wanted u to order dinner and i politely said we want to enjoy our appetizer until he bugged u enough about dinner that we just ordered so we could get rid of him . i paid $ 140 including the tip on saturday and between barely being able to see because we were sat on the patio directly into the sun and being rushed the experience wa miserable despite how good the food tasted.. it wa not enjoyable . we recently moved to pittsburgh this month and we looked forward all week to dining with you until a waiter ruined our experience . we are trying a new restaurant this weekend where i will hopefully not pay $ 140 to be rushed by a waiter who is not paying for the meal ... i am .
solid food in a so-so setting : location , location , location . upon entering , you will past through a dining space , yes through a dining space to get to the hostess . this is both confusing and disruptive to other guest . this walkway lead to another door where the hostess is waiting . inside this second room is a nice modern bar with backlit wall and upscale booth . myself and my date however were placed in the first dining area , the indoor patio we will call it . others were out there too on iron table and chair . perhaps the nicer area is for larger party or event ? needle to say we were right next to the entrance so our date night wa constantly offset by guest entering and exiting . food wa great and service wa up to far but the main entrance wa confusing and i could see this echoed by other guest a they entered .
my fiancé and i had dinner at 7 pm last saturday evening and were impressed with the food but highly unlikely to come back a returning customer because of the service . first of all when the waiter ( adam ) brought our first drink and insisted we order appetizer i told him that we were going to relax for a little while and i would flag him down when we wanted to order anything else . he persisted to come back every other 2 minute for about another 9-10 time until we finally ordered appetizer and within 3 minute of u ordering our appetizer he wanted u to order dinner and i politely said we want to enjoy our appetizer until he bugged u enough about dinner that we just ordered so we could get rid of him . i paid $ 140 including the tip on saturday and between barely being able to see because we were sat on the patio directly into the sun and being rushed the experience wa miserable despite how good the food tasted.. it wa not enjoyable . we recently moved to pittsburgh this month and we looked forward all week to dining with you until a waiter ruined our experience . we are trying a new restaurant this weekend where i will hopefully not pay $ 140 to be rushed by a waiter who is not paying for the meal ... i am .
best salon in pittsburgh . the staff are all talented , friendly , and on top of the latest style and trend . the atmosphere is relaxed and beautiful . it is a great place to go to feel welcome and pampered . they have a great boutique with the latest accessory and top of the line hair product .
unlike the cold and uncomfortable atmosphere , in my opinion , of dean of shadyside and other `` chain '' hair place i felt welcome and comfortable a soon a i walked in . everyone who work there from behind the counter to those doing your hair are friendly , real and down to earth . i highly recommend this place to anyone who want a haircut by clearly talented staff , a well designed interior and also like to support the small neighborhood business .
had my first haircut with adeste and i loved it ! she is the best ... i will be back soon .
pro : vegan food in pittsburgh ? yes ! great music , friendly accommodating service , huge variety of drink , fabulous decorcons : not a convenient location for the car-less me , but well that is just mehi , i am a non-drinker and rarely have i found an establishment with an extensive list of non-alcoholic drink . granted , quiet storm like many pittsburgh place doe not have an alcohol license and ha to make do . ginger lemonade ? yes . all these other thing from the soda fountain that are adult like enough for me ? yeah ! i do love my meat , but found the vegan food here pretty good ( albeit dry but i attribute that to my love of meaty thing ) . they used to have a prixe fixe meal on the weekend , but i think they got rid of that due to a low turnout . too bad most of pittsburgh doe not really learn to love culture.usually good music act here . although the few time i wa here , there wa barely anybody else there besides the group i dragged along and the band is friend . usually 2-3 act play . live . and it is nice that there are not many of u because we can sit up close . and be sure to kick the friend who think it is ok to talk over the music . the bathroom also ha a decor to match the style of the coffeehouse.i have never been here during the daytime so i can not comment on that . always great service when we came here for dinner and the music ( since we were basically the only one there ) . sometimes a minimal cover for the music . there are book and comfy couch for the daytime coffee drinker .
though i did not get a chance to visit this place when i visited last month , i really do love quiet storm and i will be sure i hit it up next time i am in town visiting my friend there . the decor is adorable . the price are reasonable . it wa an intimate place to see a show and it is too bad they are no longer doing them here . i really feel like this place wa one of the first thing that made me heart pittsburgh . it is truly a unique space .
i used to live about four block from the quiet storm , and for a period breakfast here wa an every day affair . those two fact have nothing to do with each other -- the period in question wa close to the end of the first semester of my ( super- ) senior year , when my friend and i would stay in our studio all night working , haul as out to quiet storm for ambrosia-caliber restorative tofu scramble and coffee , and go back to school bright-eyed and bushy-tailed for another day of class . and then usually i will take a three-hour nap after the first class . but i am sorry , what is it i am reviewing here ? the quiet storm ha absolutely the best tofu scramble i have ever had . i am an accomplished vegan eater ( i get stuff in my mouth first try nine time out of ten ) , i have had the best scramble new york and san francisco have to offer . believe you me , quiet storm top them all . i wish i knew their secret recipe , but the part i do know -- baking the tofu rather than just sauteeing it -- make a tremendous difference . come in on a lazy sunday morning , get the nothin ' fancy , and you will see for yourself just how good tofu can be . on top of that , they are a vegan-friendly a can be , with earth balance for the toast ; soy , rice , and almond milk ; and a selection of specifically vegan mixed drink and milkshake . plus , sandwich ! get the spicy spinach and peanut butter wrap , ask for added tofu ( plank not crumble ) , and be astonished yet again.and and , a a delicious cherry on top , they have theme brunch , fantastic theme brunch that show off the creativity and chop of the cook here in a way that the regular menu can only hint at . check out their website and see when the next theme brunch is , and make a point of going . get there early .
i like the quiet storm because it offer food a well a drink . the spinach artichoke dip and white pita pizza is good . i never had a chai milkshake until i went to the quiet storm . if you can deal with east end `` urbanites '' then i would suggest trying it out , if nothing for a good laugh and decent food .
i moved to pittsburgh for the tempeh reuben at quiet storm . actually , i am lying . or maybe not . am i trying to save face because i do not want to admit that i moved across the country for a sandwich ? you will never know because i am not telling.anyway , the food here is pretty good . sometimes it is better than others , though i think it depends on the cook . i am one of those vegetarian who doe not much care about reducing kilocalorie ( the point of eating is to fuel our body , right ? ) , so i like the cook who pile on the mayo and cheese . i am sure the cook who skimp on fattening ingredient have their fan base , too . the menu is creative , and it feel like the people who make the food are trying to test their cooking chop , which i appreciate . the atmosphere is nice here : big , open space , yet cozy . and you will not find a radder floor in pittsburgh . the employee are super nice .
it is all about the black & gold . ( only on the brunch menu now , though ! ) and the tofu tenders.and the vegan baked good from my goodies.my only complaint is regarding the vegan milkshake . sorbet doe not a milkshake make .
wondering where the pittsburgh hipster crowd hang out ? look no further than the fixie parked outside the quiet storm . and then go inside and have some delicious food and drink .
i looove quiet storm ! it is a pain for the car le ( me ) to get to , and the service is fairly lacking , it is cash only with no convenient atm is around , the closest business is a mcdonald is half a mile away . and i still go there every chance i get . hipster abound ( pro or con , depending on who you are ) and the place is really child friendly ( again , could be a pro or con ) . but generally , the crowd is mellow , reading , chatting , just enjoying.the menu is designed in a way that they have something for everyone ( except those adverse to eating healthy : ) . between the veg and vegan option , they manage to have a menu that is fairly celiac friendly too , not an easy thing to do ! a lot of the review here are about breakfast , which is amazing . but my favorite are their dinner salad . they are protein heavy , with a huge variety of ingredient , not your typical salad . and their special , like tofu curry , are amazing , and always enough food for two.oh , and the drink menu ! i am pretty much a water , coffee , beer kind of person , so i have not tried too much on it . but everything look amazing . quiet storm is one of those place that doe not do a wide variety of thing , but what they do , they do damn well !
this place is cool ! but it is also 'cool ' . service is so-so , but the staff doe not have an attitude , they just are not into serving . and i am not a vegan , but the food is so good that a carnivore like me doe not even care . the menu is also huge . for those of you looking for an atm- there is one a half block away if you just exit , go left and cross the street to the corer convenience store.i could always find a table and spread out with my book . comfy , young , hip , worth it . i wish they had alcohol.try it !
it is good when they are on , but they are so inconsistent you never know what you are going to get . the coffee machine look like it ha not been cleaned in the last century which is off putting . generally , i would not recommend it unless you are in the neighborhood and desperately hungry -- you might catch a lucky break and be there on a good day .
food is tasty , though portion are for the waifish hipster type . location is inconvenient and i would not recommend people walking by themselves at night on that stretch of penn . service is very uneven i.e . bad , even when the place is practically dead . i can not really speak on the coffee , though they do have good tissanes ( however getting them to refill your hot water is another thing ) . **************okay i will not change my rating , but i take back what i said about the food . they have changed the menu and it is really bad . we had buffalo tofu stick which were ridiculously dry . i had the thai peanut tofu wrap which tasted just like peanut butter . i do not understand the point of mockamole ? it is made with pea instead of avocado . how to describe the food ... it is a if they took picture of how food should look and made the food without thinking about how food should taste . gee pea are green , just like avocado ? ? i would go there for coffee/tea or whatever to hang out , but not for the food . okay there wa one decent thing on the menu which wa the artichoke dip . i wa completely disappointed .
solid milkshake and falafel - block from my house
i have been to the quiet storm a couple of time for brunch-type meal , and have always been pleased . their extensive veggie/vegan geared menu is for the most part really healthy and fairly light ... but it is not without it crave-worthy item like smashed potato with cheese and my favorite , the peanut butter chocolate milkshake ... heavenly . paired with a hummus and veggie sandwich and green pea 'moc-a-mole ' , you do not feel so naughty having dessert with brunch.the vibe is mellow , and so is the wait staff . service is leisurely , but not slow . i look forward to at least one chill breakfast here on my trip to the 'burgh to visit friend and such .
for solid veggie/vegan food in pittsburgh is east end , the q is a reliable meat-free choice . there are enough good option on the menu that a seasoned q diner could guide a newbie past the landmines of total-miss dish , in search of the greener pasture of the spicy peanut tofu wrap and other local faves . the scrambled tofu is a shining star . the kitchen often doe remarkable thing with potato . the salad go above and beyond to woo your heart , with way more topping & stuff than any other salad i have eaten in pittsburgh -- this includes salad served with french fry ! nothing here is fried - even the `` fried '' food are baked . your artery are grateful . the kitchen is unfortunately very inconsistent , and an attentive & caring cook is a very different experience here than the apathetic , distracted or exhausted cook . this used to be the place to brunch , and i am sure it is still busy on the weekend morning , but i had to quit when all these suv family started monopolizing my fave table -- apparently the q made it into some kind of `` visit pennsylvania '' travel guide a a great brunch spot . i hate to be that `` i liked their old stuff better '' kind of a person , but , well ... do not be caught unawares- in my cashless world , dinner at the q mean making a special atm run . the q is super kid-friendly . book , magazine , and child is toy accompany the wireless internet ( which sometimes work , and sometimes doesnt , and no , the staff can not help you ) . the menu is kid-friendly , the staff is used to dealing with kid , and if you really hate child , you might not want to go there since their peal of laughter and joy might melt your wicked black heart . i would not hesitate to take the 2 year old or 12 year old i know . the drip coffee is good and bottomless- soy creamer is available . the espresso drink are really really hit or miss . you may have the tastiest drink you could imagine , or you might be left choking down a $ 5 drink made by someone who ha never drank a cup of coffee . no liquor license but you can byob for a nominal charge . the service is sometimes swift , but more often lacking . i would never take a date here again -- - getting the totally wrong order & waiting half an hour for it to be even acknowledged by the staff is an embarrassment when you tell your date the restaurant is one of your faves . fortunately , if you are dating me , you probably are not there for the dinner . if you have plenty of time to kill & self-esteem strong enough to weather the whithering glance of the hipper set of pgh is east end , this could be your new fave spot too . i do wish the hour were a little different - i operate on the schedule of a late-nite diner , though .
i am not sure how it took my wife & i so long to find this place ! before visiting the quiet storm i did not realize that their entire menu wa vegetarian , but that should not be much of a problem even for fan of meat . i ordered the `` maelstrom '' which is a what i would call a mediterranean quesadilla . the flavor wa subtle , but delicious . there were plenty of menu option and it look like this restaurant is really doing it is part to support the local community . the only complaint i would have wa that the temperature also got a bit cold a we were sitting by the door ... and it wa winter . finally , remember to bring enough cash to cover the bill a that is the only way to pay . i wa not disappointed by the quiet storm and will definitely be getting back to this place next time i am in pittsburgh .
this is probably one of the most solid restaurant we have on pittsburgh is east end . it is also a haven for the vegan/vegetarian hipster . i have been a handful of time now and only once did i get food i wa not happy with . price are reasonable , maybe like $ 1-2 more for food than you would expect to pay . keeping this place open is well worth that cost.if you are not feeling so hungry , this double a a coffee shop ( lack some coffee shop seating ) and the hot drink are solid . check out the milkshake !
cash only ! ! ! what a pleasant surprise ! i went here for the first time last night and wa not sure what to expect when i walked in . the place seems to have some spacial issue . there wa a bar but they do not serve alcohol , more of a coffee/diner bar . the table and chair seem odd and it took me a while to find a chair that wa comfortable , but maybe this is by design . i am not a coffee expert but i really enjoyed my several cup of decaf . anyhoo , to the food . this place is vegetarian only . i started with a hummus plate , unlike most creamy hummus this hummus wa gritty a i could actually taste the chick pea with each bite . the hummus wa surrounded by fresh crisp cucumber , carrot , celery , calamata olive ( big fan ) and pita . perfect starter . for my main entree i ordered the curry special . do not expect an indian food experience but this will not disappoint . everything wa in the bowl , chick pea , basmanti rice , carrot , and other miscellaneous item . once i started dipping my pita into it i could not stop . it wa savory , spicy and just the perfect compliment to the cold snowy night . this is one storm i will enjoy braving from time to time .
who would have thought that a vegan-friendly hipster restaurant would be one of the best place in pittsburgh to feed a hangover ? seriously , go hungover , and you will be in love . get a super-stuffed burrito . they put mashed potato in burrito along with hearty bean , scrambled egg and cheese and yummy salsa . your stomach will thank you . while you are waiting , have some coffee . at under $ 10 for a very filling burrito and a bottomless cup of coffee , i thought it wa a great deal . in addition to their regular menu , they also have daily special and themed brunch . i can not wait to go back and try other thing on the menu . it is great to have a full-service restaurant where you can get oodles of vegetarian item .
quiet storm is , perhaps , the most expensive vegetarian diner i have ever been to , even by big city standard ! cash-only make this even more difficult . tofu wing appetizer wa simply not very good ; and i usually love these thing ! i tried the gyro wrap which wa also a big disappointment . a far a i know , gyro are supposed to be pretty meaty , but this wa mostly lettuce with sporadic chunk of seitan and cucumber , along with dreaded diced unripe tomato . the wrap wa dry and upon looking at the menu again , i see that the sauce that it probably requires cost an extra $ .50 . the tortilla itself wa very white and seemingly unnatural compared to those found at most veggie establishment . my beverage wa good and affordable -- ginger lemonade . it wa sweet for my taste , but i am sure most people would have thought it perfect . i will keep quiet storm in mind a a coffee shop , only.f.y.i after splitting the cost of the appetizer with a friend , my lunch cost me $ 17 -- ouch ! i did have half of the wrap leftover and ate it later a a salad with my own dressing . it wa quite good that way and i might recommend that q rethink the gyro presentation if they want to continue using so much lettuce .
the gyro wrap is amazing .
quiet storm wa the other bookend to my trip to pittsburgh , providing a perfect balance with zenith earlier in the week . it is a little out of the way , but once we got there , it is exactly the kind of place i want to live close to . it is spacious and relaxed ; we sat there for two hour after eating our lunch and were not at all pressured to move on . it had a very good neighborhood vibe , and everyone working there knew the place and the area really well.the drink option were pretty great- the coffee wa just fine , but the ginger lemonade i ordered a couple hour after lunch wa phenomenal . i wish i could have that more often . the food wa great ; there are lot of option and the portion size were exactly what i wanted . i had the dagwood sandwich , which wa a perfect mix of sweet , sour , and spicy with hummus , apple , hot pepper , cucumber , and pickle ... it came with an option of the side , and i had to try the mockamole . a big fan of guacamole myself , i wa totally in doubt of a green pea-based mock version . i also really like pea , though , so i wa open . and somehow they managed to make it work , and it really did taste very much like guac , with a slightly le heavy and maybe a bit grainier texture . but definitely worth a try . my friend had a wrap with curry and tofu and i honestly do not remember what else , but it wa huge and really tasty . she chose the potato salad a her side , and it wa the perfect imitation of german potato salad , so i wa pretty happy . all in all , if you are in pittsburgh and feel a little lost ... go to zenith and quiet storm , and you will feel found .
fun , unique atmosphere ( hippie / indy / hipster / whatever these kid are calling it these day ) . interesting , tasty food . above all , awesome retro decor . a pittsburgh treasure .
a cool ( if mildly painfully hipster-ish ) decor ; perfect settingfora sunday brunch . the service wa great , the food wa both satisfying and healthy , and the milkshake i had to top off my omelet wa deeeeelicious . are all of their milkshake vegan ? because ifthey are , i wa completely fooled . a little more than i wa hoping to pay for a breakfast dish but i suppose i can not complain , a it wa morethan enough to hold me through until dinner . ( i agree with the comment i saw that stated that this would be a perfect place for a hungover posse ! )
i eat at this place at least once a week . no longer cash only , which is nice since i never have any . a a vegan i like that i have a ton of option here , but that my meat-eating boyfriend is happy too . food is a little pricey and if you get more than an entree and coffee it is easy to quickly rack up quite a bill for such a modest seeming place . my only real complaint is the inconsistency of the service . it is totally hit or miss . i have never felt targeted with `` attitude , '' but i have experienced long wait for the menu , coffee , water , the check - but weirdly , never the food . most of the time i leave happy , sometimes irritated , but i am always full and ready for a nap .
i wa really impressed by this place . i will first start with the service : the waiter wa very friendly and it took me awhile to go over the menu since i have never been there . he wa patient and stated `` take your time , no hurry '' . he offered me suggestion . we even discussed shoe for a brief minute , very personable . the food : the menu wa quite extensive ... hoagy , soup , pasta , salad , etc . they also have stuff for kid like grilled cheese . i ended up ordering the lentil loaf with steamed vegetable and smashed potato . the food came out quick , like 5 minute and everything wa fresh and great . did i mention this also came with soup ? i paid $ 13 total for my meal and a cold chai . could not ask for more . my only and i mean only complaint is that they only serve lunch at lunch time , the only serve dinner at dinner time , etc..so be mindful of the time of day you go ... .
maybe i am just the most jaded vegan in town ; quiet storm is food menu bore me to tear , that which i will use to salt my own mediocre cooking at home ! their coffee is not all that great either , a given the choice , local la prima is in my favor . tear . this is the only vegetarian restaurant on the east side of town , and oh so close to me , but i can not stand to go there . desperate time now call for toast and tea served by the sad server that resides within my depressed little dining room .
i love you , quiet storm ! ! please open another location in the los angeles area , stat . i think the best part about quiet storm wa rolling in at 10:30 on a sunday and being seated without a wait . are you kidding me ? that is amazing ! i wa prepared to have to wait for a little bit for sunday brunch . quiet storm ha quite possibly the most delicious scrambled tofu that i have ever had . i have no idea what they do to get the tofu to that texture , but it delightful and do not ever change . i love animal product , but i did not miss the meat in any of the dish that i sampled . i order the black & gold breakfast burrito , which wa delicious but not half a excited at the country gravy burrito my friend had . the onion gravy is insanely flavorful and made me question why i put animal in my gravy to begin with . i know , it a crazy thought but it true . i look forward to many additional trip during my extended stay in pittsburgh .
this space is so beautiful.i am always a sucker for big window all across the front , but here especially the huge window and wide building front really open up the space and provides excellent lighting for the front half of the cafe.the layout is unique , with the island , counter , and bar stool in the center and plenty of table all around . it really provides a lot of opportunity for unique corner to sit in alone and lot of space for groups.the coffee is decent . it is made from dean is bean , decent fair-trade coffee and brewed to a consistent perfection . i can not speak to latte and espresso because i have never tried them , even though q supposedly just got in a new espresso machine.the food is so-so , decent vegetarian fare , with the exception of most of the tofu dish , which are spectacular.and the milkshake are always a good time , even if they are a bit on the expensive side.cash-only if total is under $ 10.contrary to what some others have said , this is not a hipster hangout . the customer seem to be a nice mix between student , local , and artist . this is not an art museum -- it is a vegetarian cafe that make food and drink.and it doe a pretty fucking good job of it .
pretty good veggie food . i have had breakfast , lunch , and dinner here . french toast , tofu scramble , museli , salad , sandwich , lasagna . they have a pretty decent variety .
i must be a glutton for punishment , because i keep finding myself hungrily returning to the quiet storm . the menu ha slightly changed , and they are no longer cash only ... this time it wa the `` 8th ward '' that inflicted extreme disappointment . not sure what 8th ward is supposed to mean , but i will forever associate it with a dry boring place . and i thought we were getting a party platter ! this appetizer sampler included the worst hummus evaar ; i am near positive that they forgot to add garlic , lemon , salt and tahini to this chickpea paste that which wa described a `` garlicky '' on the menu . sooo wrong . `` the butter , '' another wtf of a name , wa also very dry and bland . the salsa wa good ! and there were plenty of dipping accessory , too many really , given the smallness of the unappetizing dip portions.at this point , i have tried most of the vegan option q ha to offer and the only luck i have had ha been with the b.y.o.b . go figure . i would not care so much about how much of a tease this place is if i did not really desire a comfortable neighborhood place to eat comfortable food with a comfortable view of a cute waitress who writes fiction . and it frustrates me that few others seem to recognize the culinary ( i shutter at even calling it that ) mediocrity of `` the best '' vegetarian restaurant pittsburgh ha to offer .
very few people name the place depending on how the place is going to look like from the city is perspective.confused ? ? i bet half of pittsburgh student did not notice this amazing vegan place , it is like a quiet storm ; just there but not really.now i am confused ! ! : ) straight to the point -this place is huge and neat and they have a huge cafe bar with great food list.i ordered thai salad with vegan chicken and tempeh and my friend ordered wraps.it wa simply delicious and i wa extremely excited that i discovered this place after a long vegan research . the place wa definitely quiet and shockingly even the area around the place wa dead.maybe they have some historical reason to name it quiet storm like there wa a light storm and everyone left the place ... ahmm..i shall stop my list of lame reason , such that you could stop reading and would be able to chase the quiet storm : ) -smriti
very good !
i wa super excited to try quiet storm when i moved to pittsburgh because all of the review i read were fantastic . however , i have visited multiple time now continuously hoping for improvement and each time i have been disappointed . let is start with the good thing . q ha a great atmosphere , it definitely helped the transition from austin . very chill `` hippie '' vibe . however , the server although friendly can sometimes be a touch `` hippie-elitest '' . the food wa alright . their homefries were quite tasty but little else ha tantalized my taste bud and i have tried many thing . i do love their thai dressing , very yummy on the salad . will i continue to go back ? probably , wishful thinking is a good thing .
for vegetarian food in pgh this place is hard to beat . the quality of the food is very good , but the kitchen tends to be slow so bring a friend/book/deck of card , and the serving size are somewhat inconsistent . the coffee drink are ok , but i do not come here for those . i love the atmosphere of this place , very laid back , cozy , inviting . my favorite eats are the soup and the pile-o-hashbrowns ( think haystack without the artery clogging gravy ) .
omg chocolate espresso milkshake mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
yummm . read the yelp review before coming , so i knew to get the ginger lemonade and hangover hash . both were amazing , filling , and i got to use the wifi there for a couple hour on a sunday morning with no nasty look from the staff ( it wa crowded but no line ) . totally worth any effort it take to get there ( seemed to be in the middle of nowhere , i had a couple mile walk to get there . )
every time i visit q i hope for a better experience , but continue to receive poor service and ok food . i always get the feeling that the wait staff doe not want you to be there . it is never friendly . it seems cold . food is ok , but often taste old and like it ha been reheated multiple time ... .ugh . i really wish they would put a lil ' more effort into customer service !
we go here all the time and have ordered almost everything on the menu and never been disappointed . it is veggie diner food at it is best ( at least in my opinion ) . my bf is a meat & potato man but he absolutely love the breakfast homefries with tofu instead of egg . the waitstaff have always been exceptionally nice and very attentive . this establishment is best described a a greasy spoon for vegan and vegetarian so if you go in expecting gourmet , you may find yourself disappointed.on cold wintery day try a mexican hot chocolate - it will surely warm your heart !
stopped in a i wa driving through pittsburgh . had an awesome bagel sandwich and some tasty vegan pastry . very cute atmosphere . totally sold me on pittsburgh .
i have only been here for sunday brunch , but i look forward to dining here again in the hopefully near future . the frittata wa thicker than any i have seen elsewhere ( it looked like a square of lasagna ) but very tasty . i liked the inclusion of sliced potatoes.the low country grit were creamy and also enjoyable , but not too flavorful . i did not really taste the fakin ' bacon or the garlic supposedly in the dish . i am not surprised though , since a lot of vegetarian place seem to go light on the seasoning . definitely ask for cheddar with your grit if you eat dairy . the three kind of hot sauce on the table also help perk thing up.no complaint about the service , but they use some sort of chemical cleaner ( for the floor or to wipe down the table , maybe ? ) that is unpleasant-smelling . i noticed it le the longer we stayed , maybe because i got food in front of me , but one would hope that a vegetarian establishment might opt for more environmentally friendly and le noxious cleaner . other diner were also commenting on the smell when we were there . i am guessing this is not a regular smell to the place , though , since no other reviewer have commented on it . the cash-only policy is also a bit of a nuisance , since i will consider the price ( $ 11 for brunch entree ) here to be mid-range and not ultra-cheap . still , i will come again with my greenback .
i have been going here very regularly since 2002 and they have been getting better and better . it evolved from a coffee house & music space to a straight up restaurant . they catered my wedding and my yinzer family liked it despite there being no meat .
i make a point to visit this restaurant every time i am in town . i am a mostly-vegan vegetarian who ha been living in the san francisco bay area for over 17 year , so my expectation for veggie food are rather high . quiet storm cuisine doe not disappoint . creative and fun menu item , and plentiful vegan option .
aw it is place like this that make me love pittsburgh . it hodge podge decor and hipster crowd are what drew me here in the first place , but turn out the food and coffee is pretty decent even delicious . since it is far from where i live i do not get to come here half a often a i will like but i am always pleased when i do . such cute boy .
i am going to revise my review of quiet storm.you may get lucky and find yourself faced with an awesome rendering of a fabulously-designed vegetarian sandwich . in my experience , however ( considering the 30+ cubanos i have eaten there ) , you are more likely to get a sad , mediocre rendition.consistency is not their strong point.add to that the likelihood that you may be dosed with some surly owner attitude , and i have decided to steer clear.it is a shame that i no longer feel it is worth it to chase the beautiful dream of my first meal at quiet storm . it is also a shame that many of their staff are wonderful , friendly , and helpful , and yet their effort are overshadowed.sorry , quiet storm . a a pittsburgh vegetarian , i want to love you . but you broke my heart .
this place is so hit-or-miss for me . sometimes the food is amazing ; sometimes it is terrible . example : i ordered the spicy peanut wrap for the first time and fell in love with it . i came back a couple week later , and it wa bland and unappetizing . maybe there is someone who work in the kitchen who doe not know where the spice rack is -- i do not know.the 'waitstaff ' is hit-or-miss , too . sometimes , they are great . other time , i have waited for age just for a menu . one guy actually snapped at me for asking for a breakfast item at lunch . that said , there are some good dish , like the black & gold . i like that in some dish you can replace rice with salad . a lot of people i have eaten with here have raved about the quesadilla . there is a nice laid back atmosphere and fun retro diner decor . there is also an extensive ( but expensive ) drink menu with milkshake , tea and coffee drink , and a nice selection of locally-made vegan sweet and pastry . and i love the magazine and book rack , even though the magazine are usually two year old . still fun to read .
nice little coffee house with good food . my only complaint is that the food wa not hot enough , which is a bigggg turn off for me . however , it wa still so good that i am giving this place 4 star . the apple panini wa a delicious hot mess clearly invented by somebody who got the munchies and only had raisin bread , apple , cheese , and seitan around ... .the result is amazing . this place just need to make sure the food is warm ! dip is a huge ripoff , btw ... . $ 5 for a tiny portion : / they should lower the price on that item.the salsa that came with my sandwich is some of the best salsa i have ever had , though . dunno if they make it themselves .
the quiet storm is a classic , being one of the largest selection of vegetarian and vegan entree in the city . recently came with about 13 people for a saturday lunch . i will not speak for everyone is dish , but i got the curry which wa very tasty , if not a bit skimpy on the rice and a little thin for my liking . my friend got the qhf , which is a tofu scramble mixed with home fry and seisage which wa absolutely delicious . she also got a side of spicy aioli which went extremely well with the breakfast dish . the service wa prompt and they just left pitcher of water on the table for u which wa great . always a great choice for meat-eaters and veggie is alike . if you go with a large group though , beware because it is difficult to work in the added gratuity and tax with the cash-only . the waiter would not let u split it up and take individually , so it wa difficult on that end .
quiet storm truly is a wonderful neighborhood gem . surrounded by a desolate urban landscape , i never would have expected this colorful , creative coffee shop to have such impressive food.my dinner here consisted of an apple panini and a `` shampoo '' , a strange ( but delicious ! ) cherry and almond cream soda . it very well might have taken me 20 minute or more simply to decide on my beverage of choice - their list wa not only long , but offered more innovative choice than i could have ever dreamt up . among them , an impressive array of italian soda ( lavender & lemon , mango & lime , white choc & mint , etc . ) , an enticing selection of lemonade ( ginger lemonade , lavender lemonade ) , and some excellent-sounding tea combination . to top it off , almost all flavor were available in the form of vegan milkshake . how they concocted all of these culinary idea is absolutely beyond me . ( i apologize to the coffee drinker . a a tea drinker myself , i hardly paid attention to that half of the menu . ) the apple panini i ordered came out quickly and wa complemented with a side of tortilla chip and salsa . my panini included granny smith apple , apple butter , sharp cheddar , cream cheese , and seisage ( vegetarian sausage ) atop sun-dried tomato bread ( though it seemed more like raisin to me ) . never in a million year would i have come up with this strange combination of flavor , but it definitely worked . a described in the menu , indeed it wa `` highly addictive '' .table service wa great , nothing took too long and it seemed pleasant and casual . no overbearing waiter , no frill , etc.given the fact that i live about a mile away , i think they should be expecting yet another regular in the very near future .
remember the day of band in the back at night , and interesting kid hanging out at the bar all day ? well , the band were the first to go , followed quickly by the comfy sofa . the kid did not take long to leave , and now , year later , faced with a frankly less-than-appetizing saturday menu , i find that the ability to substitute something else for the increasing amount of potato filler is gone , too.quiet storm used to be a straight five star . my last experience wa honestly two-star , but nostalgia and history do not allow me to give it le than a three.i am sure all the change over the year have been in the name of efficiency , but they have come at expense to the clientele . here is hoping quiet storm rediscovers the mojo ( and the menu ) that once made them great .
what a bonkers menu ! delicious and lot of fun . the service wa fantastic . we ate here on a visit from nyc and had two very unusual and delicious vegan burrito ... then stayed for tea . loved it !
the menu look awesome and the dish concept are good except everything that come out is disappointingly bland . thank god there were bottle of hot sauce and salt on the table . the best part of the meal wa the peanut butter chocolate milk shake . the burger and `` spicy '' cajun soup were very mediocre .
i am a vegetarian and have lived behind the restaurant for over 3 year . every time i have ever gone , the service is awful . it is a if they are doing you a favor by waiting on you . i think their breakfast are pretty good and their lentil loaf is good but usually your side consist of yellow nacho chip with brown jalopeno slaw . also , the cook look like they are lacking hygeine . the one great thing about this place is their coffee , and that is it .
for me , this wa an especially warm experience . i arrived in pittsburgh and came straight from the airport . the coffee wa perfect , the company wa even better . i ordered the home-fries with tofu and cheese . they were extraordinary . the tune being dj will by the barista did not hurt either . i definitely dig this place !
i love this place , it is the beehive , starbucks , eat n park , and every neighborhood coffee shop in america tossed together in one place.unfortunately on this day we arrived after the kitchen closed , but the friendly barista behind the counter offered to make u a drink . i had a soy green tea latte , he chose a dirty chai latte , made with coffee and tea , interesting ! my green tea latte wa served piping hot in a pint glass , not the shamrock shake colored green tea latte you get at starbucks , this wa the color of your father is old white shirt that ha not been washed in a few week . not a syrupy sweet a starbucks either , but a nice dose of natural brown sugar gave it a nice taste . and it wa a nickel cheaper than a starbucks `` tall '' . good deal ! my friend jamie is dirty chai latte wa good , again not overly sweet , which is ok for him , he doe not have a sweet tooth . next sunday we will go back earlier when the kitchen is open , the take out menu look great , healthy , low fat , and vegan .
quiet storm is a really cool vegetarian restaurant . the time i wa there the service wa fine and the food wa unique . their menu is a limited on the weekday , your best bet is one of their many quesadillas.i am not a concerned about the preservation of vibe and atmosphere , a long a the food still taste good . i wa in love with the pierogidilla and happy to leave the table feeling full without having any meat.i wrote a review of quiet storm on my web site , binge ! http : //eatinginpittsburgh.com/2010/07/07/ive-got-an-itch-for-kitsch-quiet-storm-in-bloomfield/
a nice , cheap place to get your vegetarian/vegan eat on . brunch is always nice and the specialty coffee drink are fun to look through , if only for the name , meanwhile , you will be eating off melamine and drinking from odd glass ; but , the food is great for the price and someone ha to employ all the hipster on penn ave .
the quiet storm is one of the coolest place in pittsburgh . not only for food , but for the atmosphere and milkshake ! if you are looking for a place to bring your parent , in-law , uptight but good-hearted neighbor -do not let the hipster decor and server fashion lead you to think it will be a shouting match over noise music and avoiding awkward half-nude painting , the food is genuinely delicious and the space objectively interesting.i recommend the grilled cheese with apple and cream cheese , although both time i have gotten it it is been a little heavy on the cream cheese so if you are conscious about that kind of thing , ask for light cream cheese . i also absolutely love the buffalo tofu tender , bread stick , and the mac n ' cheese . also do not forget about their extensive and interesting drink menu ! lavender lemonade , root beer and espresso ? sound delicious to me , and make me wonder when the quiet storm will be getting a liquor license ... the answer , my friend , is blowing in the wind ...
( i am 29 and have been a vegetarian for 17 year ) for vegetarian food in pittsburgh , i say this place is ace . but compared to the many other veggie restaurant i have been to in this past , this place is average . it is really hit and miss with their dish . when at a veggie place , i usually try to change it up each time i go to keep my diet varied . this ha proven to be a little difficult at quiet storm because it seems every other time i get something i do not like . apple panini is amazing . nacho are great ! curry wa not spicy enough . grit runny . milkshake yum ! i feel like the cook do not have a good handle on cooking tofu there . different dish require tofu to be cooked for different length of time and it different sauce , and it ha always tasted bizarre when i get it there . sometimes it not pressed and cooked long enough . sometimes it dried out ! how can tofu get dried out ? this is coming from someone who love tofu . i can eat silken tofu straight out of the package with a little soy sauce and sugar.if you have spent anytime in portland , oregon ... the atmosphere in this place is very portland . outdoorsy hipster cafe style . it is loud , but i could not imagine it another way . they also have pinball , which is awesome . we have not taken advantage of this , but they do have board game and book available a well .
we stopped by quiet storm for a late lunch while on vacation in pittsburgh . the food wa excellent . i had the cheese steak and my husband had a peanut tofu wrap , both were served with chip . everything wa great . if i had any complaint it would be that i did not see on the menu that my cheese steak had mayo on it . i am not a big fan of it , so had i see that i would have asked for it without . other then that great place !
i did not realize that quiet storm wa a completely vegetarian restaurant until i noticed the word `` seitan '' printed after every meat item on the menu . normally i will find this annoying , a i am an unabashed and unapologetic meat eater . that doe not mean i do not love a good veggie dish , but fake meat masquerading a real meat is one of my pet peeve . if you are going to serve vegetarian food , do not try to pretend it is anything else.that grievance having been aired , i ordered the blackadilla , a quesadilla boasting no false meat item , but stuffed with black bean , basmati rice , sweet potato , pineapple and cheddar cheese . it wa delicious and filling , and at $ 8 for the enormous quesadilla and a small house salad , a pretty good deal . the menu at quiet storm is large , with breakfast and lunch/dinner item a well a an array of cafe drink and dessert . in spite of the prevalence of seitan and tofu , there are a number of dish that i look forward to sampling upon return.and i do plan to return . a those of you who have read my other yelp review know , the atmosphere of public place is very important to me , and the atmosphere at quiet storm doe not disappoint . it is got a retro cool '50s diner vibe and a more modern but equally cool soundtrack that entices customer to stick around . the wait staff encourages this practice , giving diner plenty of space to hang out long after they have finished eating.the one downside of quiet storm is it location , floating among gas station and abandoned house in garfield , an area sandwiched between the more pedestrian friendly neighborhood of bloomfield and east liberty , but not quickly accessible from either . it ha to be a pre-determined destination rather than a drop in for random passersby . but that might just be ok .
i had the `` curry plate '' , though it wa actually a big bowl . it wa enough for two meal ! and very tasty . i usually like some bigger piece in dish like this but wa totally fine with how minced this wa because it wa just so good . i added a picture.the service did seem a little poor considering it wa only u and three other table in the place for lunch . we had to wait at least 10 minute for the check and another 10 minute standing at the cash register to pay while the person behind the counter talked on the phone.it also wa a little sad that the pita i paid $ 1 for wa so small ( and not included with something like a curry plate already ) . the slaw had a slightly strange chemical taste but wa still good enough to eat due to how fresh the vegetable were [ and i did not really order it , it just came with the dish ] .
daniel fast friendly restaurant with good food . stopped for an early supper before saturday night church service after searching yelp for vegan restaurant option . food wa good , service wa good , price wa very reasonable . think i just found a new saturday evening supper spot .
i really , really wanted to like this restaurant . hip , quirky , vegetarian/vegan . lot of owl and kitschy deco . i eat meat occasionally , but had a vegetarian buddy here to visit , and thought this would be a great choice . what is not to love , right ? well , for starter , the service . our server wa really nice , and had lot of review , suggestion and alternate idea for what we should order ... but the service wa mind-numbingly , ridiculously slow -- and the place wa half empty . plus , even after two request for napkin ( which were not provided to begin with , and not available from other empty table around u ) we never received any napkin at all . i am not really a messy eater , but come on ! maybe part of the problem wa expectation ? we kicked thing off with the `` firesticks '' appetizer -- some really tasty quesadilla-ish thing . after that , our order ( i had the thai salad ) were just kind of ... boring ? strangely spiced ? i feel like the bar wa set high with the app , and then none of the entree met the expectation of yummy veggie goodness , and my dining companion agreed . i also ordered a cup of the mac & cheese , and it wa awful . you know how when you reheat elbow mac & cheese in the microwave , and the cheese get all greasy/gloopy and the noodle stick together ? well , it wa exactly that , with some powdered garlic sprinked on top . really . i should have made my own leftover mac at home and not paid $ 4 for a cup of that . learn from my mistake.we had planned to order milkshake , too , but our server spent so much time in a black hole or something that by the time she finally returned , we will been completely finished with our meal for at least 15 minute . for $ 4 ( and probably a ridiculous wait ) per milkshake , we decided to hit the milkshake factory on east carson instead .
why do vegetarian restaurant think we need `` fake '' meat , this i do not understand . i had a primavera sandwich which wa just ok , but the patty on the roll wa just a perplexing a the `` mystery meat '' you get in your elementary school cafeteria . my sandwich came with a boring pasta salad and some tortilla chip out of a bag . otherwise the atmosphere wa fun , and the wifi wa free if you ask for the password .
i have been back to quiet storm many time . i can accept the hit or miss service since it is pretty cheap and casual . that is not really an excuse for bad service , it only somehow softens the blow , but why be mediocre ? the environment is comfortable ( unless you sense the server do not want you there ) . the music range and is appropriate for the environment . it is never too loud or aggressive . free wi-fi help and the milkshake are slammin ! the food is inconsistent , but often good . the black-a-dilla is my favorite . i really want to like quiet storm , but it only merit 2 star . their food , service , and hour are inconsistent . it seems they often close early . owner , please stick to your business hour . it is not like you are open that late to begin with ! perhaps everybody want to go home , i do not blame them for that , and you may have run out of a few thing , but try to imagine the disappointment of trekking out there to enjoy your favorite shake or snack and then being turned away . or , if you believe this is an acceptable business practice , it would be le infuriating if you simply changed your hour to '9am - until we feel like it . ' this way there are no set expectation and we can not really begrudge you for it . ... my vote is to just stick with the hour you created.thanks !
my experience ha been ok at the quiet storm because i have 1 ) not deviated much from my usual menu choice ( original home fry = delicious ) and 2 ) i have often known several member of the wait staff at any given time.this ha given me reason to continue eating at quiet storm on occasion.negatives ... i have eaten with several others over the year who have been wholly dissatisfied with their meal ( small portion , not enough seasoning , could taste baking soda flavor in baked good , etc ) . service can be a little slow at time . and i have been burned a few time when going out of my way ( it is a little off the beaten path for many ) to score some delicious home fry only to find that the q had inexplicably closed early.despite this , for pittsburgh , the q is a good spot for vegan/vegetarian fare .
so when we first went here for brunch , i had no idea it wa a vegetarian restaurant . that is an unpleasant prospect to face down after a hard night of drinking , which is the only time the idea of brunch ever occurs to me . but then , the grim spectre of laziness appeared to me and asked , `` do you really want to drive to another place ? just look at you . your wearing the same shirt that you wore yesterday dude . '' the spectre of laziness is a dick , but he wa also right . and to my surprise , nothing i had wa bad at all . for brunch option , meat eater will find that potato and egg are the cornerstone of any breakfast , and seitan substitution are not a bad a say , having the grim spectre of laziness point out your slovenly appearance . i think the biggest surprise in this place is that , though nothing is particularly jarring to the palate , there is nothing that really stand out a being amazing . in yelp term : it is kind of a 3 . for hard core vegetarian having a night , er , mid-afternoon on the town , it is probably a blessed change from the meat based culture that pittsburgh is pretty famous for . but i am willing to wager that very meat eater will become converted to vegetarian after this . maybe they did too good of a job substituting meat item . that being said , we did make it back another time for lunch where i had a vegetarian gyro . my friend said it best : `` what is the fucking point ? `` the service is always very sweet , but both time the waiter have been curiously , nay ominously spacey . even when it wa not crowded there had to be some substantial flag down and polite and doleful eye contact before they would do what you needed . if you are in the area and looking for ... this type of thing , you really do not have too many other option so just eat it .
i wish we lived closer to this place . they had the most amazing french toast ( stuffed with apple butter and cream cheese ) i have ever had .
hey , do you like to eat charred tofu while listening to the donnie darko soundtrack ? well then i have the place for you ! quiet storm sends out food that most chef would lose their job over . i am from a big city ( new york , nbd ) so i have standard and quiet storm managed to cross all the border of decency . the service wa good , but i guess it ha to be when they have the audacity to charge $ 9 for a sandwich that cut your mouth open . i think the owner hate having a business and are attempting to run it into the ground because they are not accommodating to vegan . substituting real cheese for faux cheese is just too taxing for these world class chef . i would recommend this for people who enjoy not finishing their meal .
you do not have to be a vegetarian or vegan to enjoy quiet storm.i have been here for both breakfast and lunch and have not been disappointed . the menu ha a good selection of both vegetarian and vegan dish and the special change daily.the only issue i have had is with service . on a particularly crowded sunday i asked twice for a coffee refill and the waiter never filled my cup , or even checked in after our food came out . i know it wa busy , but other table seemed to be doing just fine . despite the poor service , i returned , and have not had any problem since .
being an omnivore myself , i have fended off several attempt to visit this restaurant . my girlfriend is a veg-head aka vegetarian and had wanted to visit quiet storm for a while . when we finally visited this week , i wa pleasantly surprised . there is definitely an old-time diner feel with a bit of art and craft mixed in . if you are reading this , chance are that you have some notion of the crunchy/hipster/longhair reputation of this place and that perception is certainly accurate to a degree but i did not find the service pretentious or slow at all , a some have noted . our server wa attentive , although there were only about seven folk in the place ( it wa off hour , about 4 pm on a monday . ) i enjoyed the apple panini with seisage ( a maiden voyage for me ) , apple butter , cream cheese and cheddar . the apple butter , which seemed almost an add-on when i looked at the menu , wa actually the star here and the sandwich come on sundried tomato bread that really add a lot of flavor to a very simple idea . my only complaint is about the size of the sandwich . it could have been larger . my girlfriend ordered a burrito that wa honestly huge and she found it tasty and worthy of a doggie bag . i would definitely go back and would like to try their weekend brunch , which is supposedly quite good.according to the menu and reputation , quiet storm go out of their way to use local product and make quite a few of their product in-house . that is always a good thing especially when the result are tasty and relatively affordable .
quiet storm occupies a special place in my heart compartment because , one lazy sunday in 2004 , i discovered alfred bester is the demolished man . imagine my joy : a cyberpunk fan , finding a tattered copy of some anonymous-looking book in some proto-hipster cafe ( this wa back before it wa toooo hipster ) , and discovering the glory of alfred bester . ( seriously , the demolished man is good . ) it also fit in perfectly with the blue collar/gentrified charm of pittsburgh in general , and the hill district/lawrenceville/bloomfield in particular.anyway . i have returned now in 2011 for a veg brunch , and it wa a pleasant , if not-so-good-value-for-money experience . i got the true grit ( yeah , jeff bridge , yeah ) , which wa a huge bowl of grit ( some shaved , grocery store-feeling cheddar on top ) , a pile of delicious , chopped lemony kale , some pretty blah scrambled egg and a large glass of cranberry juice ( very healthy ! ) . overall , it wa fine . i did not like the $ 12 price tag so much ( seriously , grit is pioneer food and you are charging me $ 12 ! ) , nor did i dig the shade of hipper-than-thou among the clientele , but shrug shrug .
they have these tofu tender , which are akin to a vegan buffalo wing . i can not put my finger on it , a there really doe not appear to be much to them in term of some sort of secret cooking technique , but holy crap , i can not get enough of them ! i had 3 order in 2 day , and since it is tofu & not some greasy wing ... it is a legitimately healthy meal/snack.the cheesy snake -- a vegetarian cheese steak -- can be made with vegan cheese , and it is pretty slammin , too . the slaw taste like liking a brick of salt , and the coffee etiquette -- pouring old pot into other , half-full pot -- leaf a bit to be desired , but overall , i know that it is one of a few place in pittsburgh that serf vegan food that is pretty awesome .
despite my 3-star rating , i think i will be coming back here again to give it a second try.i got the smashed potato with seitan , cheese , and aioli . the first bite wa ok -- the aioli did not quite suit my taste , but everything else worked pretty well together . however , 20 some-odd bite in to the dish , the flavor were getting repetitive and the mushy texture started to gross me out . i got about half-way through eating the dish and the so-so aioli became too much for me . i could not take another bite.however , my wife is apple panini wa delicious . i would probably eat a few of those if i came back . the cream cheese , cinnamon ( from the bread ? ) , and apple all worked together in glorious harmony.on a strange note , while we were eating , some camera guy came in and started setting up what looked to be an interview . we asked the staff what wa going on . apparently someone wa filming their submission/application to be on a reality show . `` oh cool , '' we thought . `` what reality show ? '' we asked . `` not sure , something on the golf channel , '' they replied . hahahaha ! i thought watching grass growing on tv wa boring enough . now they are making a reality show about it.in the end , the gross aioli wa inexcusable to me . otherwise , i will probably go 4 star . i still plan to come back and give it another shot .
seriously . this place is phenomenal . i have never gotten something i did not like . i am a vegan and my favorite thing about this place is that it is not what most people would typically think of a veg . food . it is comfort food at it best ... big yummy burrito ... scramble ... drool inducing drink selection . it got a really cool vibe and the price are not bad . only complaint ( if any ) is that several of the server seem a little zonked out ... like they do not really give a shit . but whatever , go there ... now !
yes , it is reasonably priced . yes , my food wa tasty ( 6 on a scale of 1-10 ) . however , the place did not look clean to me -- i will not be back because of that .
i really wanted to write a positive review for the quiet storm . my boyfriend and i have been going here for year , and always had a great experience - tasty food ( we are both not huge meat eater , but not vegetarian either ) , great service ( one waitress recognizes u , and always go out of her way to say hi ) and nice atmosphere ( definitely not a hipster myself , but never felt uncomfortable or like i wa sticking out ) . unfortunately , the recent menu and more importantly price change have made this go from a regular weekend brunch place to only a special-occasion place . the menu went from 2 page to just 1 ( still good food though - try the grit ! ) and the price went up to $ 12-ish before tax . it is not completely unreasonable , but just enough for this to stop being a regular place for u . i still enjoy the food and atmosphere , but do not really think it is worth the money .
tasty horchata - dessert before the meal of veggie cuban with smoked tempeh ... yum ! cool funky space with low key music & friendly waitress with plenty of tat
yes , i know . i am probably one of the few people that ha rated this place with two stars.but let me explain . my friend and i wanted to try this place out and had high hope . i have not heard of many vegetarian/vegan place in pittsburgh so i expected to have some awesome vegetarian food . however , from the get go , our host wa absolutely terrible . he did not look u in the eye and wa just overall awkward . there wa obviously room in the restaurant for the four of u but he had to `` look in the back '' to see if there wa room . one of the other server eventually sat u in a clearly empty table that we could have picked out for ourselves . our first host came back , reiterated the same thing the server told u , but never gave u menu . i had to go out of my way to ask for menu about five or ten minute after we had been seated.to be fair , our assigned server wa very nice . she wa friendly and approachable . but of course , our food came and mine wa cold . the potato in the hash i ordered wa stale , old and cold and had such a small accompanying serving of bread . also , our utensil were not given to u until after our food wa served . i know i may be sounding like a little bit of a snob but utensil should be expected before the food arrives . not to be completely biased , the rest my party had decent food . it just wa not anything special . definitely not worth $ 12 for brunch.needless to say , i will not be coming back to this place .
i came into quiet storm not intending to have lunch , but just a latte and hang out to answer some email for a little while ( working from home make me stir crazy , so bouncing around local coffeehouse , completely not fitting in with the crowd kinda make my day sometimes ) . i walked up to the bar and wa just going to grab a seat there , but super hipster server guy asked me to take a table , because it had an outlet to plug my laptop in . i did not need to , but ... good lookin ' out . anyway , ordered my latte - good espresso , but pretty weak foam . served in a pint glass . that is fine . menu actually looked really good , so i went for a sammy with apple , seitan sausage crumbles , and cheese . they offer different side , but my super hipster server guy did not ask me what i wanted ; so being a newbie i figured maybe that wa only with certain menu item . i wa wrong , when the guy taking care of the table behind me wa asked what he wanted . my fault for not speaking up . sandwich wa good , not to die for though , and frankly kinda small for $ 8 . i will finish with this : internet are free , right ? so , where is the code ? did i need to ask ? ? i will definitely go back though , intrigued by a few other thing on the menu ( like bbq tender and pulled 'pork ' quesadilla ) , and hopefully be a little more impressed .
we have figured out where all the hipster go on the weekend for brunch ! really excellent french toast , just like my dad used to make . i had the breakfast burrito , which i thought wa ok , but not something i would order again . but , more importantly than the food , we just really liked the atmosphere . sitting there in their mismatched , vintage-y looking diner , i felt like i wa in the mission in sf ( ok , maybe minus the fact that everyone wa sporting their winter gear , which would never be necessary in can ) . kid friendly too , if that is important to you .
after three trip to quiet storm i am hooked . i had the bahn mi , then the veggie gyro , then a burrito . all were a large portion with excellent fresh ingredient at a price that wa really really great . my significant other is addicted to the chili , which actually ha a good heat level . also the milkshake are to die for . can not get enough of them.service is prompt and attentive . the waitstaff is knowledgeable and friendly . service is quick even when they are busy . this is the perfect casual restaurant . the decor is funky and cool . there is even a pinball machine ! will return again and again i am sure .
solid vegetarian and vegan food , great coffee in a cool atmosphere . what else can you want ? i had the breakfast burrito with tofu ( the `` black and gold '' i believe it is called ) and it wa quite good . the ambiance is correctly described a `` hipster '' and it is exactly what you will expect from a hipster vegetarian coffee shop/restaurant . five effing star .
everyone i show this place to love it . yes it is totally hipster and funky . yes , hipster service is not going to walk up to you all bubbly and smiley and be super cheesy to you . but the employee are chill , and it is all about the food , milkshake , and coffee . the rotating menu is awesome , and i have tried a lot and never gotten anything bad . the chai milkshake are amazing , a are all of their drink . i am not even a vegetarian and this one of my favorite place to go over and over !
so i admit my boyfriend and i actually did not know it wa vegetarian/vegan until we had ordered our food and looked more closely . we went this past weekend and had brunch . we each had thai coffee which wa ok , not stupendous , not horrible . he ordered the veggie burger , and i had the chocolate oatmeal pancakes.his burger wa unseasoned and fairly cold , my pancake were okay ... but to be honest really lacked flavor ( the taste of what i imagine cardboard to be came to mind ) . i do not discriminate , i am all for veggie and vegan food , but just because those are your ingredient doe not mean you can not cook thing well and add seasoning.i am intrigued to go back because the apple cheese panini sounded possibly better than what we had . i will note that ourwaitress wa very sweet and friendly , but the food wa just lacking in flavor so much that it is really deterred u from going back .
ugh ... i got a plate with seisage , tofu scramble , and sundried tomato toast . my whole plate wa entirely dry , chewy , and unpalatable . i had high hope for the tofu scramble , especially after seeing positive review about it . but honestly ... it tasted like nothing . i thought it will be moister with a creamy consistency that might come from silken tofu , but it wa hard , dry , and chewy . hubby got a country burrito that wa much better in comparison to my plate ... but that might have been due to the fact that his whole plate wa doused in gravy . anything will taste better drenched in gravy . we think the gravy taste like the powdered packet kind where you just add water . on top of all this service wa not the greatest . i had to fish around for my own ketchup and they did not even bother to ask me what kind of toast ( 3 option on the menu ) i wanted when i ordered the toast option for my meal . then they did not bother to ask hubby if he wanted anything to drink after he had picked one of the $ 12 entree that come with coffee or juice . we had to tell someone else to get it for u . also they do not really wash their cup . there are 2 sink basin at the front where they just dunk the cup in one soapy basin then dunk the cup in a second water basin and then stack them next to the sink . it made me not want to drink my water even though i wa thirsty . good idea , but poorly executed food . i have had good vegan and vegetarian food before that is consisted of a lot of fresh green , avocado , and more . for a vegetarian place , there wa nothing green on our plate . this experience sadly fell enormously short of our expectation ... could have eaten at kaya or meat and potato for the same price .
my husband and i stopped going here , back in 2010 , because of the bad service we were receiving . we used to call the server `` whole food reject '' ; they were always cranky and we felt not welcomed , rushed . at the end of 2011 , i think they got a new manager , the service ha been optimal and we have not stopped going since . their food is delicious a well a their drink and coffee .
artsy little alternative cafe diner with good food and nice wait staff .
good variety of food , good coffee , not so attentive service , but i would definitely come back . i can not eat dairy and love that the vegan option give me a lot more to choose from than the usual brunch place .
i decided to grab dinner on a saturday night at quiet storm . it wa not packed so i grabbed a seat at the bar . i ordered their graham street tofu sandwich with their 'chorizo ' soup and a shampoo soda . the graham street tofu sandwich and soup were very good but the shampoo soda wa interesting to say the least and would not order it again . i wa nervous i would not get good service after reading some of the review but the waiter wa friendly and checked in at the right time . i would definitely come back to quiet storm since they have got me curious about their other dish . i also like the laid back vibe of the place , bringing me back to forrest gump time .
great chill spot ! definitely hipster.the staff is super awesome . great place to have a coffee and chill , write , or for dinner . the food ( very vegan friendly ! ) is really good and a great price.glad to see this spot still around when i visit back home .
my boyfriend and i come here every other saturday , at a minimum . he get the qhf with egg , i get the qhf tofu , side of onion gravy . it is potato , egg or tofu , cheese , seisage , pickled onion ( the best ) , and this yummy aioli ( let is be honest , it is mayo ) . i would not call it healthy ( maybe i will consider adding some vegetable to switch it up ) , but it is the perfect hangover food or post-long run indulgence . they do have many healthier option a well , we are just hooked on the qhf and can not stop . i have also loved the country burrito , grit , and hangover hash . they only have the qhf on saturday ( and other day ) and have a different pre-fix drink included brunch menu on sunday . the coffee is delicious also . sometimes i wish the staff were a bit friendlier , but they are all pretty busy running around . the absolute best part is that they are always crowded but there is almost never a wait when we go , which make for the perfect brunch spot !
my word , this place is outstanding . i have been here twice from out of town and both time were the highlight of my trip . the food is excellent , this time i had the country burrito ( double gravy , yeah baby ! ) . the portion are large and out quickly.the food is almost besides the point though because q really excels in the refreshment department . this is one of the few place that make me wish i had more than one life to live , because i know without living in pgh i will never have a chance to try all of the incredible milkshake , coffee , lemonade and `` other '' cold and hot drink option . i mean , they have tea milkshake . extraordinary . service wa friendly and quick . street parking is ample . the interior is bright and welcoming.6 star . no . 7 star .
worst tofu scramble ever . day old , cold , hard , inedible . sent it back and had no time to wait for another dish . i can not even believe that the server , let alone the `` chef '' thought it appropriate to serve . brought my 2 year old along , had to get a high chair , i am able to do this just would have been nice if asked by server if we needed one .
love this place ! the decor inside is really cool.i am not from the area but i try to stop in every time i am traveling through . so many great veg option and great drink .
the food here will blow you away . the depth of creativity of the item , the menu is being designed around what is available to increase both creativity , change and environmental sustainability and the overall unique interior design are all screaming at fan to come back . do love it from the second i drove past it and screeched to a halt . glad i did.i do not & can not drink coffee so i can not speak for anything but the earl grey tea which is good , a it is in many other places.overall , go .
i am no vegetarian so i can not speak for those who are really into that , but this place wa awesome . i had been scoping it out for week when driving by . finally i met someone there for lunch . wifi . check ! unique and awesome milkshake ? cheeeeck . tasty awesome foodie . double check . i wa quite pleased with my experience and i can not wait to go back .
i had about half a day to kill in pittsburgh , and this is where i ended up . traveling with food restriction for any reason can be quite difficult these day , and quiet storm wa a sanctuary for me to just sit down and have an awesome , vegan meal without worry of going into anaphylaxis.i had a bowl of something-something with i think tahini sauce and veggie and a huge thing of hot tea ( i had laryngitis and wa just very , very sick so i can not recall much other than how good my food and tea wa ) , and my fiancee had a sandwich that came with some chip and really , really , really good salsa ! the restaurant is just down the street from the child is hospital and i am just really glad my fiancee found this place so i could eat safely without worry .
we love quiet storm . my kid ( aged 5 & 2 ) and i are all vegan , and this is the only place we can go out to eat where everybody is happy .
nothing match in this place ! the table , the chair , the tile and that is how we like it ! lot of delicious vegan item . definitely a good place to try new thing . good coffee too !
i have been introduced to their kale offering and must admit , i am a huge fan . there is a kale salad that you can ask them to put in a wrap and it is absolutely phenomenal . almost all of their veg option are fantastic.the downside of q is their sunday brunch . i know , i know most brunch are breakfast food only , and this place is no exception . on a personal level , i do not really care for breakfast food for lunch and since you have no other choice , it is not my thing . like i said though , this place is fantastic for veg food , so give it a try .
i can not believe it is taken me so long to try quiet storm . weekend brunch wa great vegan comfort food . we had vtl ( messy , delicious red potato smash with seisage , scrambled tofu , and queso ) , country burrito , and sweet nyam ( corn and coconut spiced pudding cake with banana and sweet potato ) . we started with the vegan nacho which were super tasty . friendly staff and kid friendly , even on a busy saturday afternoon .
i have found the service here to be pretty terrible . server can be pretty careless about taking care of simple thing and my friend have had similar experience . the food is really pretty good , but if the overall service suck , then well , it make it hard to enjoy a tasty meal . sorry storm , you need to improve this .
i am not a vegan and went there to meet friend and enjoy the atmosphere . i must say the hipster 'tude of the place wa intimidating at first , but it is super friendly and retro-feeling . server were fairly friendly . we had some great latte and chai tea and chatted for a long time without being bothered . did not try the food , but there were lot of vegeterian and vegan option .
great cafe for brunch and coffee . lot of vegetarian option and nice atmosphere . come check out the place if you are in the area and would like to try some healthy food . wa here for some brunch with friend and our food did take a while to make it to the table but everyone enjoyed their meal . if you come too late during the evening for dinner the food option are le then what is on the menu .
i imagine that this is the restaurant that i would make if i were 20 year old and knew nothing about restaurant except dining in them and what look and sound cool . in that it doe some thing right , but none of the important thing . it ha a decent sized shop with large window and it bright , so that is good . they have good music , but unfortunately we were seated right below one of what looked like two speaker in the place . it a large restaurant so in order to make it the right volume for people far away from the speaker it ha to be too loud for the people close to the speaker . i know the trade-off of sound system all too well . if only there wa a way to solve this problem like ... just riffing here ... more speaker at a lower volume ? they had a greatest hit of the thrift store type of decor and the standard shitty artist selling their painting like at every coffee house you have ever been to . they include coffee/tea/juice/whatever in the price of the brunch because , like everyone , i hate choice too and i definitely wanted at least one of those . i am looking at the menu and it a vegan/veggie place so we are never going to be good friend but i will like to think that there is something that look halfway decent but it all look awful . there are two tex-mex-ranchero breakfast dish ... that is at least one too many ; and there is only like eight choice which sound like plenty a a number but i assure you it wa not enough here.i go with the egg frittata a my least bad option and it end up tasting mostly flavorless but with a distinct stale note . it come with a salad that is not bad , but who want a salad for breakfast . a we are leaving the waiter , who is been fine the whole time , asks u where we are from and my girlfriend answer `` d.c. '' the waiter reply , `` oh , i am sorry about that . '' now , neither of u is actually born in the d.c. area , nor do i even particularly like living there . so i am not personally offended , but i am not sure if someone from or living in pittsburgh ha solid footing to talk the business about washington d.c. or almost any other large city . it not like property value in pittsburgh are indicating that everyone is clammoring to live there , whereas in washington d.c. , they are.i wa not enjoying the restaurant before that , but this kid actually threw me to straight up hating it . if you are vegan and have literally no other option ... then i guess you are going here . if both of those condition are not true , then go anywhere else .
me and my kid got food togo from here , because it came recommended from someone at the local food co-op a a place with good vegan options.cute and attractive diy style decor.friendly staff.i really liked the food quite a lot ( i'de give it 4/5 star ) . got a tofu banh mi with a side salad . when i asked what dressing they had , i expected to hear the list of `` usual '' uninspiring dressing that vev/non-veg restaurant often have . the first one she mentioned wa a green chili dressing tasted a fun and yummy a it sounded.my kid did not really love their vegan homefries meal ( with scrambled tofu and a weird vegan cheese sauce thang ) .anyhoo . really pleasantly surprised with this joint , and the food wa pretty reasonably priced . a with any place i review , i am subtracting a star because they are not all veg . anyplace selling egg dairy and flesh is not perfect for me . i'de probably really call this 3.5 star .
i love quiet storm ! i think it is a good a you can get for vegan cuisine . the country burrito is bomb ! so good , there ha to be crack in the gravy . i also enjoy the tahini queso , i often add it to my burrito . it is best on the nacho . for around $ 13 you can get a delicious filling breakfast/brunch coffee/tea included . they also have great pastry & dairy free coffee drink & milkshake ! it is a vegan dream come true . it doe get a little crowded during saturday morning so expect a wait , but completely worth it . the atmosphere is oozing with hipster ambiance associated with the area ( garfield ) which also mean they often play good music ! last time i wa there it wa all neil young ! accompanied my burrito perfectly ! i definitely recommend this place to vegan & non-vegans alike !
the quiet storm wa great . i started with the soup of the day which wa something along the line of a carrot pumpkin curry . it had an unexpected texture but i still quite enjoyed it . for my entrée i had the spinach burger , which wa quite filling . it is quite unique and come with plenty of option for topping . i could not resist putting cheese on the otherwise vegan burger , but still felt very healthy eating such a veggie-filled dinner ! their milkshake also looked amazing - i would have tried one but i needed something to warm me up instead so i got a latte , which wa also very good . one other thing i thought wa neat wa that the sell mixer and encourage you to bring your own champagne and/or vodka . i have not seen that before , but it is a great idea ! i wa also intrigued by some of the other item on the menu , so i will need to go back to try more .
my favorite place in pittsburgh . everything is fantastic , but i would have to say the country burrito is the best . amazing . good people , maybe not the best staff , but who care . once they plop down that burrito , you have got a lot of work on your hand .
i live in the neighborhood and this is one of my top 5 , maybe top 3 place in the city . creative dishes.well-made.really yummy ! my favorite have been the thai peanut wrap with tofu , the jamaicanish cornmeal/coconut cream/pineapple/yam bake , and their unique milkshake . so nice to see vegan milkshake ! their breakfast bowl are super good too.it is such a nice environment and the waitstaff is funny and friendly . i go here fairly often and would love to go even more !
i will be honest , this wa not our first , second or even third option for breakfast , but when it came to early sunday grubbing with a group of six , this wa pretty much the only place did not have a two-day long wait . in fact , there wa no wait at all when the six of u popped in a little after noon on the weekend . odd , but my group wa hungry so we did not question the kismet . the restaurant is pretty enormous a far a cafe go , and it is nice because they do not pack the table on top of each other so you are never going to be crammed next to a cry baby or having to scoot your chair in every time the table next to you need a coffee refill . the furnishing all appear to be second hand find a well a local art and lot of owl statue . it is a hoot , for sure . one weird thing is the one bathroom with the sink outside , so if you are sitting in the back you can heavily monitor who come out and doe not wash their poopy hand . on the other hand , if you go to the bathroom here you will likely feel like you have to make your hand washing some sort of big production so the other people in the back will take notice of your exceptional hygiene habits.i wa feeling pretty sick still and actually brain washed myself into believing that my weekend bug wa actually morning sickness so on top of already feeling super nauseous and not hungry , and naturally my non-motherly instinct wanted to starve whatever demon might be brewing inside me but the hypothetical baby is daddy insisted i eat something and took it upon himself to order me the tofu scramble , which i wa sort of excited to try despite feeling otherwise very green . it wa actually very bland and dry and even though i think it wa only like $ 3 , i think i would have rather had the $ 3 in my pocket than the scramble so i took a few bite and then pawned it off on the boo who insisted i try his veggie breakfast burrito . the burrito wa the total opposite of the scramble- absolutely outstanding and even though it wa the size of a guinea pig , i think i could have downed the whole thing ( of course , i would have blamed it on my imaginary incubating child and said i wa eating for two ) . going around the table , everyone seemed content with their food , besides the grit order that were decidedly bland , but that is kind of how i have come to think of grit in general . our service wa great and though most of the table is food wa just okay , that burrito , the owl statue and the house horchata i ordered a my beverage really made the experience for me . i guess what i am trying to say is that i can understand the 3-star average on yelp , but that i think you can totally come here and have a 4 or even 5 star time if you order wisely . just remember : burrito , horchata and time the bathroom-goers for extra entertainment . ps- i am so not pregnant ( in fact , can someone get me a heat pack a few dozen midol ? ) , but thanks for your concern .
sandy had me holed up in pittsburgh looking for a flight and staying with my wife is aunt . she adventurously agreed to go with me to a veggie place and that is how i ended up here . nice layout with table along the window and more in back . if you are not familiar with this kind of scene it could seem a little rundown , but to my eye it wa fine . really , it is kind of the proto-typical east coast college town vegetarian hangout.the aunt-in-law is a meateater and in her seventy , but she really enjoyed her tempeh cubano . and she loved her lavender lemonade . no room for dessert though.i got the banh mi and it wa very tasty . 'nuff said.the service wa in my mind delightful . the server wa engaging and welcoming to my somewhat timorous companion , explaining the dish to her and making a recommendation that worked out . he wa efficient and personable.too bad i will not be back in pittsburgh anytime soon , or i would make a repeat visit for sure .
i love good vegetarian option ! immediately upon stepping into quiet storm you will realize their myriad of owl decor and local art hanging on the wall and counter top . the place is comfortable and is perfect if you want to just relax and read the paper . this little cafe ha it all - milkshake to die for , vegan baked good , yummy breakfast burrito , and killer french toast . their imitation meat wa average compared to some other one is i have had - but it is not something to harp on . the service wa pretty fast and friendly a well so remember to tip well !
food wa great -- - vegetarian burrito stuffed with mac and cheese ? ? ? ? yes please . also had a great pot of tea , and a bangin ' white chocolate hazelnut banana milkshake . it is a really cute place , too.however , the owner wa seriously rude to me and my fellow guest when we asked to split a check ( which they state on the menu is allowed ) . not even passive aggressive- straight up aggressive for something that wa not our fault . so that wa a sour end to my experience at quiet storm . but my belly wa satisfied .
andrew here said it best : `` ... food served by worker who mostly do not seem to notice they are working , and when they do , only respond snarkily . `` it took me 40 minute to get a sandwich here , and when i complained i did not get an apology , just a snarky remark `` well you can see we have a small kitchen ''
i am still not convinced that this is a vegetarian restaurant . it just ha to be a parody of a vegetarian restaurant . like , every time i start reading the menu i think ashton kutcher is going to pop out and tell me i have been punk'd.a small disclaimer : i am not vegan or vegetarian and i never will be . i love meat . but i also love vegetable and fruit and pretty much the entire food pyramid . and these thing can be combined to make tasty vegan food . but `` texturized vegetable protein hydrated with seasoning '' is not food to me . yep , that description of their `` chorizo '' come directly off their menu . eating vegetarian doe not mean you need to subject yourself to these highly processed `` food . `` le processed substitute like tofu , tempeh , and seitan are used a well , but they are mostly treated a a stand-in for meat . i guess if you are a vegetarian that miss eating meat , this may satisfy you . however , a an omnivore , why would i eat a faux-blt when i can eat a real one ? how about instead of trying to imitate the flavor and texture of meat , we actually come up with creative combination of vegetable , fruit , and legume that are delicious in their own right . what a concept ! have you ever eaten a vegetarian dish and thought , `` whoa , i can not believe i actually like this better than meat '' ? i have ! but do not expect that feeling here . it will be more like : `` umm ... i guess tofu mixed with nutritional yeast is kinda reminiscent of scrambled egg ? `` two star because i really like the drink here . the one i remember trying were the ginger lemonade , the mexican hot chocolate , and the root beer with a shot of espresso . they have some really wonderful sounding tea option that i wish i could try , but i generally avoid this place because of the food .
the best vegetarian/vegan restaurant in pittsburgh is also my neighborhood watering hole -- i am so fortunate . the food is great ( especially love the ginger sunflower dish and spicy peanut wrap ) though newcomer may think otherwise . you have to appreciate what they can do without meat or other animal product . the drink are amazing.the hipster atmosphere reminds me of portlandia . staff is friendly . get busy at brunch time on the weekends.quiet storm get 4 for it food , 5 for cool factor , and 5 overall .
let me first say that i have been a vegetarian for 15 year and have never been to a veg restaurant before . looking through the menu here i actually got excited , because i did not have to ask `` doe this have meat in it '' a million time . there were so many choice ! i have the excitement of the little girl on despicable me `` it is so fluffyyyy ! '' my excitement aside , the menu wa pretty large for all veg food . they have breakfast all day , which is always ok with me . price were average ( ~8.50 ) , and portion were large enough to provide lunch for the next day . ( although i have heard that the cuban sandwich is on the small side ) .i had the banh mi , which wa fabulous . the bread wa fresh , aioli wa nice , veg were pickled just right , but the tofu wa a little on the dry side ( on next day lunch reheat it wa perfect ) . i wa surprised by the veg seisage . it wa really good . gazpacho wa nice , although i am not really a fan of cold soup . it reminded me of a smoother salsa . good , but just not my thing.sarah s. had the special , home fry with chili and cheese . this wa on the spicy side ( a good thing ) and came with tortilla chip . she wa happy with it . latte is are good too.all in all this wa a good experience ! i think this is my new favorite place .
i do not think i would have known about quiet storm if it had not popped up several time in friend ' yelp feed in the last couple year . i am all about veg/vegan restaurant , but i have to agree with other reviewer who wish quiet storm is food wa *slightly* more interesting . husband and i ordered take-out so we could enjoy a late lunch al fresco at schenley park overlook . folk working were vegan-hipster quirky , but friendly and helpful . we ended up waiting about 30 minute for our food , so we decided to partake in an afternoon coffee to pas the time . i had an iced morroccan latté with cardamom and rose , husband the mandorla sweet almond milk latté . both were excellent.for my meal i picked the tahini bowl with brown rice , spinach , roasted red pepper , tomato , pepitas and fried tofu cutlet with a tahini dressing . i wished there had been le rice and more dressing ; the bowl wa also screaming for more seasoning . husband opted for the crunch wrap extreme : scrambled tofu tossed with celery , carrot , edamame , kale and spinach , dressed with vegan wasabi mayo . again , twice a much dressing would have added flavor and moisture to an otherwise fine wrap.and that is just it : the food at quiet storm is fine . when really , i will been hoping to be utterly wowed by the magic capable of being worked by nothing more than mere vegetable , plain grain and humble legume . still , i will not discourage you from eating here . i just might come back myself .
great atmosphere , lot of owl decoration . the staff are very nice and are really trendy . it look like they are working hard . i experienced fast service even though the cafe wa almost full . temperature wa nice and the noise wa average , they have some good window table . i would say there is a good mix of regular neighborhood local here , hipster , and intellectual type . the demographic also includes college student . it is all vegetarian or vegan , yay ! the food is normally very good . i did have one experience where in term of how spicy i wanted my meal i replied , 0 out of 10 . the food came and my dish wa probably an 8 out of 10 in term of spicy-ness . i could barely eat it a could others at my table . eventually i gave up trying to finish it . i could have asked for a replacement but i chose not to but im certain they would of fixed it for me if i had . but other than this instant i have found the food fresh and well cooked .
i wa somewhat worried about going here since the review seem to be bimodal , so i wa pleasantly surprised when our food wa flavorful ( some reviewer complained of blandness ) and not trying to imitate meat ( some reviewer said that seemed to be the goal ) , but exploiting the wonderfulness of vegetable and scrambled tofu ( which , despite the other complaint , wa just fine ) . we had the `` tender '' appetizer , with both the vegan bbq sauce and the vegan wasabi mayonnaise . we much preferred the bbq sauce , but i am guessing if you are a wasabi fan , you would like that too . we all thought it wa wonderful . on the advice of the server , i had the peanut wrap . it wa spicy , heavily peanut-flavored , but full of yummy veggie . i also had a side of chili , that i liked a lot ( and i make my own veggie chili at home , so i am picky ) . ben had the apple panini with the gazpacho side . we both thought the gazpacho wa kind of plain ( it got better by adding chili ! ) , but the apple panini ( with `` seisage '' , cheese , etc . ) wa very good . finally , panchu had the coconut burrito , which wa huge , but he ate the whole thing , and wa very happy . we all split a vegan cinnamon roll for dessert , and i really wish i had been able to get my own ! some complained about the wait ; i think this place fit well with the `` slow food movement . '' if you want fast food , go to mcdonald's.so , based on one observation , i gave it five star . ymmv .
like other vegan reviewer , i very much enjoyed the wide range of option . i always feel spoiled when i have actual choice . the food wa very good and i will definitely go back again . it is not really exceptional ... i did not have a 'how did they do that ? ' moment . someday veggie-vegan restaurant will not have to make food that look like omnivore grub , but this place fill a very important niche for now . i like the vegetarian-vegan mix because my wife could also enjoy her egg with cheese ( she is not a vegan , but eats vegetarian a lot ) . on the service ... we had a very nice waitperson who wa very helpful without making a nuisance of herself ... which is our ideal .
quiet storm is a delicious and cozy little place located in the colorful bloomfield area . the building surrounding quiet storm are often painted with cute art or have little interesting thing about them . i love this neighborhood , but i love quiet storm even more ! i have only been here twice , and i always want to go more often but somehow it doe not happen . i have turned on three of my friend to quiet storm too , and they love it just a much . the first time i visited i ordered a tofu hash . it wa an amazing blend of seasonal vegetable , including some i would never eat otherwise . the tofu wa nice and firm , the seisage wa spicy and perfectly chewy . the vegan `` cheese '' sauce wa also rich and delicious . the portion wa so huge , i could not finish it . leftover are rarely a good a when the meal is fresh , but i wa pleasantly surprised to find that my leftover were even better than the fresh meal . i think this is because the spice and vegetable had more time to meld together in a perfect veggie harmony . the second time i visited wa 4/21/2013 . a group of my friend came here for brunch . two of u ordered the vegan country burrito , another friend ordered the french toast with pistachio honey topping and my other friend ordered a tofu hash with black bean and salsa . everything wa generously portioned , but some meal choice were sold out . they were a bit disappointed that there wa no more falafel . all of u devoured our plate and happily chattered about the complexity of flavor , protein content in vegan food item and how much we loved the atmosphere . quiet storm is a great little place to visit . it is never lacking in interesting thing to look at while you eat . food come a quickly a possible . there are plenty of option to please everyone , and if you think you do not like vegetable , try one of their plate and you may change your mind . ( seriously , i am one of those vegan who hate veggie , but quiet storm food can get me to finish all of mine ) tip : if you want to go for sunday brunch , go early so your favorite will still be available . you may also want to nudge the server a little more than you usually would , because even though our drink were bottomless , it wa a pain to get them back to give u refill - even for water .
my friend and i were having a weekend trip to pittsburgh ( first time ! ) and stopped in for brunch on sunday before our visit to the nearby pittsburgh glass center . we were not familiar with the area & this looked like a cute place- ended up definitely enjoying our time here ! we were not aware that it wa a vegan place ; regardless , the drink menu & and the brunch menu both looked amazing . friend ordered the nyam , which she said wa very filling ( surprisingly ) . i had the the country burrito , which definitely surpassed my expectation . decent , good . friend & i both ordered the don juan mocktail which wa the highlight of the meal- holy crap ! amazingly good- i always think that horchata taste a little too watery but the coconut juice & caramel help round out the drink & make my tastebud sing . i am only sad that i can not keep visiting and trying more of their drink . might not necessarily go out of my way to come back but i would definitely go again if i were in the area . : )
i always love going here for some quality vegetarian fare .
our favorite place to go for chocolate peanut butter soy milkshake . we have been for breakfast , lunch , and dinner and everything we have gotten ha been incredibly delicious . love this place !
can not believe these negative reviewer calling anyone not like them `` hipster '' . this place is very cool . a vegan/vegetarians , it is not often we can not decide what to order when we go out to eat , but this place ha ton of great option ! the decor is scattered and mismatched , but that is part of the whole re-use and re-purpose idea they are supporting . the food is more american classic style , but there are some unique item a well . loved the homemade salsa . best i have had since we visited the atomic eggplant in rochester year ago . i simply love vegan food and knowing i am supporting an ethical business . our server wa really helpful and very attentive , too . we will be back next time we make a trip to the 'burgh !
this place is a train wreck . quiet ? no . storm ? yes . loud , slow , bland food and annoying service are only a few of the complaint that i have . 1 . the vegan / hipster / metal thing ha got to go . all i kept on seeing through the kitchen window wa the armpit hair of the cook wearing the motörhead tank top . i am a huge motörhead fan , but when i go to an overpriced restaurant i do not want lemmy to be making my food . 2 . the food is bland . shoving a bunch of brown rice and black bean in a tortilla doe not automatically make the food vegan and there were very few thing on the menu that were 100 % vegan . 3 . the service wa pretty bad . our appetizer came to the table with our main dish and the entire time we watched the staff eat their dinner in front of everyone at the counter . i am pretty sure that three different cook made our order , a the cook were tag teaming the line while they were eating . 4 . last , but not least ... the volume level in the place wa numbing . the guy working the counter kept on slamming the ice cream freezer door every time he made a milkshake , the music wa some sort of bjork style electronica that i am pretty sure wa written to induce migraine and there were about 6 hippy couple letting their kid run wild . i have been to plenty of vegetarian restaurant in my travel and quiet storm doe not even come close to the top 10 . i think pittsburgh deserves better .
the food : a lot of interesting flavor , big portion , fresh ingredient . can not go wrong with anything on the menu.the atmosphere : chill , love the second-hand object from thrift store decoration and the corner booth that is not in a corner.service : everyone is super friendly . it seems like they work there because they also like the food and atmosphere , and give good suggestion if you can not decide on what to get .
it had been a very very long time since i will visited quiet storm . for some weird reason , i had in my head that they made these awesome smoothy . well ... they do not . but they make milkshake . any other day i would have tote been into the shake but ... i reeeeeally wanted a smoothie , so i opted out of the milkshake ( i know , a rare occasion ) , and went with a iced chai . i love that they make their own mix of chai and they also do not sweeten it , so you can sweeten it yourself . super sweet chai is super gross . just sayin ' . i also ordered the sesame noodle platter ( noodle , soy , tofu , red cabbage , mushroom , broccoli , onion , pepper ) with a ginger carrot salad . it wa a solid meal . i mean , it wa not necessarily a platter ( i think a variety of separate item ) , but a noodle dish . i liked that there wa a decent amount of veggie and not just a few , with a massive amount of noodle . i hate when that happens ! it wa also lightly sauced , not too heavy and sticky . plus the fried tofu wa awesome ! honestly , i have never had such good tofu before . i rarely get it because i think tofu can be so bland , but this wa bomb ! a nice plus is it is a great environment to eat and work . free wifi and nice big table to work on . plus , throw in friendly service and it is a win !
the food at the quiet storm is usually excellent and unique . it ha lot of option for vegetarian and vegan , and their specialty drink ( coffee , tea , milkshake , etc . ) are very tasty ! however , the service is so poor . i have been there probably about 6 time , and each time there is an issue . the waitstaff usually seems confused and doe not appear to care about the customer very much . there ha never been a time where i have eaten there and had my order come out correctly . it is either wrong , or something wa forgotten . there is also usually not an apology . today our waiter forgot numerous thing ( why do not they just write the order down ? ) and even gave u the bill for another table ! a much a i enjoy their food , i will say that i am getting tired of the service being so inadequate .
they have a decent selection of food for a small cafe . they carry both staple , a well a some creative choice . their coffee and milkshake selection is pretty extensive too .
delicious ! ! not a vegetarian , but this place might convince me to switch over . had a few breakfast option and wa blown away by the greek plate and the qtf . excellent coffee too .
this place is great ! cute inside , great milkshake and hot and cold coffee drink option . we had the horchata wa did not taste exactly like horchata but wa delicious . we ordered the bah mi which came with two type of fake meat on it . it wa not a traditional tasting bah mi a it did not have enough jalepanos , cilantro and it wa much heavier but the bread wa good and all in all it wa a delicious sandwich . we also had the flower salad which come with a heavy dose of kale and smoked tempeh . really really good with the peanut dressing ! tempeh is soft and very flavorful . will get again . found out that they are closing/ moving to an unspecified location next week so we hope that they will be there on our next trip through pittsburgh !
i wa thoroughly impressed . i am not a vegetarian but i enjoyed the variety and uniqueness of food option here . i wa not upset that i wa not eating meat at all . i also had something called a root down which is root beer and espresso , and it wa heavenly . my only complaint is that it seemed to be a little pricey for the type of restaurant it is . also , you may have to be a young twenty something hipster/college student to enjoy it , but i am a young twenty something , so no complaint here .
this is my favorite place to order delivery pizza from . they are fast and consistent in quality and the pizza is always great . i have had their cheese steak sub too which were pretty good a well ... but the pizza rock . : )
great pizza ! i practically lived there when i lived in shadyside . my favorite pizza is the shadyside special . they also offer gyro , wing , salad , calzones , wedgie , hoagy , pasta , traditional , white and gourmet pizza . pizza perfectta is part of a chain of pizza shop that include cafe milano , pizza milano and pizza mineo is
i love n.y. style pizza . could eat it every day . on a recent to trip to pittsburgh i tried alot of pizza and this wa good pizza . one thing about pitt pizza ... it is slightly different than true nyc style : the crust is not a thin and there is a whole lot more cheese . a a rule pitt pizza also ha a slightly sweeter tomato sauce . the sum of it part is still a delicious close cousin to nyc pizza.the pizza i tried in pitt in my order of favorite : fiori'spizza sola ( penn circle branch ) pizza perfecttaaiello is ( murray street ) beto'ssave for beto is , i thought they were all delicious . wish i had a chance to try mineo is . a pittsburgh native friend of mine call this his favorite but they were closed july 5th when i went by their place on murray ... i will try them next time i am in the 'burgh.pizza perfectta ha a few stool and a counter but really it is a take-out place .
in all fairness , i went to this place after stuffing myself at vincent is pizza park . still , i know a good pizza when i see one , and this place is totally passable , but great or even good it is not . my friend and i were given our pizza in a box although we were planning on eating on the premise . still , it seemed like we were not wanted and decided not to press the point . we walked across the street to a parking lot and saw a pizza perfecttta box and some leftover pizza littered on the ground . in the end we did not finish our pizza and assumed that many people in the past have been hastily handed their pizza , pushed out the door , only to walk across the street , eat mediocre pizza , and decide it wa not even worth the energy to pick it up and throw it away .
this is my go-to delivery place -- low minimum for free delivery , they always get my order right , and they always get here quick ! their gourmet pizza are awesome ( mediterranean , greek , and spinach and feta are my favorite ) . their regular pepperoni pizza is also the best i have had in pittsburgh . love their wing zing ( breaded spicy wing ) and steak and cheese hoagie too . have not tried their calzones or pasta yet . pizza perfectta is sooo much better than pizza sola ... pizza sola is so hit or miss . and much friendlier/more competent people working here .
my favorite for pt . breeze/pittsburgh east end . flat new york style , not greasy , timely delivery , they know my order !
wow ! the prior 5-star review just about say it all . what i wa particularly struck by wa the delicious gourmet array of pizza and sandwich combination at an unbeatable price . delivery is timely and friendly too .
great pizza , reasonable price , fast service - cant ask for much more !
ew . okay , not the worst pizza ever , but it is pretty far down my list of pizzeria ... and that is sad , considering i quite literally live across the street from it . this should be my go-to pizza destination but i will rather pay a delivery charge than eat their pizza . the sauce is way too sweet ( like , papa john sweet ) and there is not enough cheese . there are too many decent pizza delivery place around to settle for this . the only thing i enjoy about pizza perfectta is that their sign hilariously claim , `` excitingly flavored ! '' personally , i wa not having an orgasm over my mediocre pizza . maybe if they would not have tempted me with such language i would be le pissed off at them . two star only because they let me borrow some paper cup when i moved into my apartment and had not unpacked my kitchen stuff yet . without them i may have had to travel half a block north and grab some from a different restaurant . thanks , pizza perfectta.oh , and here is a little italian lesson for you : it is `` perfetta , '' not `` perfectta . ''
this valentine day i ordered a pizza for my boyfriend and asked that they make a heart on it out of green pepper . the pizza wa great , the heart wa perfect , and he loved it !
by far my favorite pizza place in the east end . the buffalo chicken pizza here is fantastic , and very unique . i have not been able to find anything even remotely approach it in other city . the place is a bit pricey , but i feel it worth it . my go to pizza delivery place !
perfect for a quick lunch.i had a new york style cheese pizza that wa amazing , even the crust wa delicious . easily one of the most simplistic , amazing piece of pizza i have ever had . the greco piece of pizza i had wa also perfect . it wa topped with spinach and feta cheese i believe . i wa so full after man-handling my second piece of pizza i had to stop eating . but my friend had a half finished piece of greco just sitting there on the table waiting for me to finish it . it wa a if the pizza told me to pick it up and keep nibbling and nibbling . this resulted in some sort of religious full feeling . god himself wanted me to finish that piece of pizza , and i listened .
best pizza in pittsburgh imhotry the spinach and feta specialty pizza - reminds you of good pizza in new york
ordered delivery here with coworkers the other evening.i ordered an appetizer or what i thought wa an appetizer . the portion size wa amazing that i had some to take home with me to snack on . i only ordered the bread stick , but they were amazing . hand made , baked and topped with oil and parmesan cheese . come with a side of marinara sauce for dipping and i wa very pleased.the reason for the three star wa the time it took for delivery . i believe from the timed the order wa called in , it took over a hour to have the food show up . not so good .
after ordering from here again i bump my rating up a star . i have ordered their breadstick the past two time and have been impressed . simple breadstick with a bit of butter brushed on and sprinkled with parmesan cheese ha me swooning . the marinara sauce to dip it in is amazing a well .
i called for a delivery of a pepperoni pizza , large . very simple since i wa in the mood for it . the delivery and the time taken were exceptional . very fast , very good delivery service . the down side is the pizza . it wa hot and fresh , but the flavor wa just ok . it wa not the best nor wa it the worst . it wa just ok.if you do find that you like your pizza and need a quick delivery , you can not go wrong here . other than that you may want to look elsewhere .
they have really really really good pizza and food.. but dont eat this if ur on a diet lol
we came here for pizza ( darren can not get enough ! ) a couple of week ago , and it wa pretty awesome . the guy behind the counter wa really nice and gave u free cooky . the tuna melt hoagie wa really good also .
i have never actually been to the restaurant , but despite the plethora of pizza joint in the area ( and believe me , we have sampled a lot ) , this is the only place from which my partner in cuisine and i will order hoagy . even when they got our order wrong once , they were quick to fix it and deliver the replacement within a few minute . i can honestly say that the many time we have ordered from pizza perfectta , we have never actually had the pizza ( but i hear it is good ) . we just keep gravitating back to those hoagy !
the pizza here is amazing . the crust is crunchy on the outside , but not too thin so it is also chewy on the inside . i always go for pepperoni and mushroom or ham and pineapple . i can not add much to this review on delivery or other item because i always get pizza for takeout ; however , i did try the garden salad and would not recommend it if you want more than iceberg with a couple of cucumber slice . bonus tip : show up early for your takeout to play some pinball ! they just swapped in a new one - tron .
well since i stop here on my way home from work every friday i have to give it 5 star . some of my favorite pizza in pittsburgh . the cheese blend is really good . firm , not too greasy , and the sauce is really well balanced . but how about the crust ? really nice texture . perfect chewiness . i would recommend perfectta to anyone !
real good pizza highly recommended .
i been going here since the age of five and it the best pizza ever in shadyside . great food by far and no need to go to other pizza place if you live in the shadyside area .
for $ 10 you can get an 8 inch sub and a giant slice of pizza . needle to say , this ha become my favorite place to order dinner from .
do not order the hot wing ! ! if you enjoy eating hot sauce flavored gravy paste , then by all mean these are the wing for you . if not , stay away . my boyfriend and i each ate one and could not even finish the rest of our dinner . do not waste your money !
there are not many place in pittsburgh where you can get an above average large cheese pizza for $ 9 . they also have a traditional pizza place menu with salad , hoagy , breadstick , pasta , and munchies . the cheesesticks are great when you are craving something cheesy and salty , and their grilled chicken salad with fry and ranch dressing is dependable a well . one great thing about this place is that you can stop in and grab a slice or two if you are in a hurry . this place is right along my way home from the bus from work , so i am always tempted to stop here.if you are looking for a great place to grab an inexpensive pizza , check out pizza perfectta !
friend , if you are going to pittsburgh and do not stop by pizza perfectta , you are missing out on service and food combined that is must have . i have the privilege of knowing the owner and his family well , and i can thoroughly endorse his professionalism and product satisfaction . an exceptional pizza delivery spot you will be grateful to attend . excellent variety , hearty taste , and pleasurable service . and they have the award to back it up , winning last year best pizza in pittsburgh award for 2012 from a reputable area magazine . in conclusion , go !
got the rancho and the greek , not so bad but i probably will not go back ... too heavy for me ...
i stopped by here today with my fiancé for a quick slice of pizza for myself . i had noticed this pizza place before and had wanted to try it but never really had the chance before today . inside it looked like your normal pizzeria with a counter to order from , a pop cooler , a display dessert case and a pinball machine which wa sadly not on . the temperature inside wa pleasant a the air conditioner wa set to 66 which wa a good change from the stickiness outside . we were greeted almost immediately on entering and i ordered a plain slice . a few minute later we were on our way with my slice of pizza . i wa happy to feel that the box wa actually hot and so the slice wa properly warmed . upon opening it i wa also pleased to see that the slice wa pretty large . the pizza itself ended up being really solid . on it there wa a good covering of good tasting cheese which did not fall off the pizza when eating . the crust wa crispy and of medium thickness which meant the slice wa not floppy . finally my favorite part wa the sauce which had some good flavor to it . a a matter of a fact you could see the spice when looking at it closely.the bottom line for me is that i would eat here again in the future . i liked the pizza that i had here and may even order a whole one in the future .
i have really enjoyed their pizza so far . i also ordered a chicken salad and it wa tasty for a pizza take out place , nothing too fancy . i have only had the food at this place by delivery and it ha always come before and hour ha passed . the pizza always come warm and ready to eat . nothing to complain about . i did give it only 4 star because there are a couple of other place that serve homemade ranch on the side which make the pizza taste even extra delicious .
5 star for a pizza joint ? unheard of from me until now ! the shady side special is the only pizza we have ever ordered from here and i am pretty sure it is the only thing we ever will order because it is just that fantastic ! i mean i hate canned black olive and this thing is loaded with them but they are not overpowering . the combination of all the flavor make my mouth sing it so happy . sadly , we live over an hour away so it is a very rare time that we travel to shady side and do not have a sit down meal a opposed to take away pizza.the service here is always very friendly and quick . my husband used to save up to order a shady side special when he wa in school . seriously any meal that he save up for better be amazing and this is !
i wa pretty disappointed with this place . i thought from the good review that the pizza would taste okay . i went here around 12am on a friday so maybe their ingredient were not a fresh . i ordered a medium veggie pizza with a side of fry . the fry were super soggy and the pizza wa pretty flavorless . there are only about 2 seat inside so you pretty much have to take it to go which wa fine with me . the people working there are really nice though which is a plus . overall , i would not go back .
all around delicious pizza , hoagie , apps place . always good . consistent . can vouch for any pizza , italian hoagie , jalapeño popper and fried mushroom . all good . do yourself a favor and order perfecta .
do not be fooled by the humble exterior : their food is delicious ! better than pizza sola.its my favorite pie in shadyside , and their hoagy and gyro are also delicious .
i am a vegetarian so a lot of time i have to just settle for an italian-no meat , or a lack-luster veggie only sub ... but the mediterranean at pizza perfectta is by far the best sub/hoagie i have ever ordered from a pizza place . garlicky , not too soggy , great cheese and flavorful toppings- i love it . i can not speak to any other hoagie because it is the only one i get . 5 star , everybody .
calzone wa good , ricotta wa xlnt , also had buffalo fry , arrived soggy - perhaps they should bake/appeared to be deep-fried delivery wa right at what they told me when i ordered , they are always good with service i have had various pizza a well , i will order from here again , not exceptional but always tasty , on-time and good service , i will give 3.5 if i could
they have inaccurate hour posted . i tried to order at 11:30 pm when yelp say they close at 2am and they were already closed . when i told them they have inaccurate hour posted the guy on the phone said `` oh that is ok ... . '' and hung up on me . i will never be ordering from them again , which is a shame since they are so close to me . i immediately called pizza parma which gladly delivered to me . i recommend ordering from pizza parma since they have similar menu item , they post accurate hour , and they do not hang up on you ! seriously ? why answer the phone ?
i wa a bit disappointed with the pizza i got . i ordered the milano special pizza , which had pepperoni , bacon , sausage , bell pepper , mushroom , olive , tomato , etc , and the popcorn chicken . the order itself arrived within thirty minute which wa great . although the pizza tasted decent , the crust wa not crispy at all , the slice were pretty floppy . they also skimped on the topping a bit . i wa hoping for a more loaded pizza . i am not watching my weight -- i can handle it . a far a the popcorn chicken go , it wa too salty , even with the honey dijon dipping sauce . probably not ordering from here again .
large take out pepperoni pizza filled a delicious hole on a really cold night ! it wa ready in 15 minute and wa exactly what i wa looking for in a take out pizza . chewy crust , zippy sauce , greasy cheese , and tasty meat . will be back !
working weekend shift at work are kind of annoying , but the perk can be sweet ! one being free lunch ! this previous weekend my bos bought u lunch from pizza perfecta . after ordering pizza at home twice that week ( we did not feel like cooking ) , i decided to go with a grilled chicken salad . meh . i am not saying it wa bad , but it wa not really that great either . i thought they could have dressed it up some more . it wa loaded with ( too much ) cheese and it melted due to the fry being warm , making the top of the salad kind of gross . underneath the melted cheese wa the lettuce , tomato , onion and cucumber . i guess this is all standard for a salad , but it really just did not impress me . plus , i thought the chicken tasted pre-cooked which should be a big no-no for restaurant . one perk , however , wa the size a it wa pretty big ! however , for $ 8.00 , i felt it wa a little steep . i also had a slice of pizza ( i can not resist pizza ) and it wa comparable to any other pizza shop . service is very good , though ! i placed the order and the employee i spoke with wa very friendly . they had it delivered in time a well . i am not complaining because it wa a free lunch , but i would never order myself .
i started out trying this pizza at a friend is house when she had it delivered . i loved the pizza both time and wanted to know where it wa from . finally , i went over and had it on my own . so good ! i get extra cheese , which is heavenly . i find this pizza to be le greasy than others i have tried around town and it is satisfying . i love the sauce and the crust . it is not too much or too little . just the right amount . the interior is fairly small and best for take-out . they have a display fridge with a few dessert . i have tried their cannoli and it is my favorite . there is also bottled drink available for purchase .
i looooove their pizza ! they bake my cheese with ricotta and tomato extra for a crispier crust . i am a crust girl , and theirs is perfect . i always get a salad too but they continue to disappoint on that end . the lettuce is often brown and never crisp . i hope they get it together soon or else i will just stick to pizza . fast delivery and good price : )
fresh , prepared quickly , and always delicious ! everything taste like it is from scratch -- recommend the hoagy , salad , and specialty pasta . spinach feta and mediterranean pizza have amazing crust !
really yum vegetarian pizza !
this is a 5-star neighborhood pizza delivery joint . i have ordered from here multiple time , and the quality wa consistent and the delivery wa timely and friendly . the food come hot , and they never forget to give utensil , condiment and napkins.i have ordered the wing with garlic and parm , which come in a oven-safe container for leftover . the buffalo fry are great a well- and if you top it with cheese you also get the aluminum container . we all know food taste better when it reheated in the oven.the chicken ranchero pizza is great , but i feel pretty guilty about eating it , so i just order regular pizza with random topping that i am in the mood for . my other favorite item is the cheesy breadsticks.consistent , delicious quality with reliable delivery=5 star . i have walked by the store itself- it is a takeout place .
delivered to our hotel late after a day of family stuff . hit the spot pretty well . only wish i will ordered a bigger one .
this is hand down the best pizza place in pittsburgh . it ha a modest exterior , but you can not judge a book by it is cover . this used to be my regular pizza place when visiting family in pittsburgh and now i make it a point to go back whenever i am in town . coming from the ny/nj area which is pizza and italian food heaven , you can say i am picky when it come to my pizza and i often find it difficult to find good pizza outside of the area where i live , but pizza perfectta totally delivers with great taste every time . the sandwich and side order i have tried have all been great a well . top it all off with reasonable price and friendly service , and these guy got me a a loyal customer for life whenever i am in pittsburgh .
congratulatory pizza delivery for moving my friend in from california ! delivery wa on time , took about 30 minute on a friday night so not bad . good pizza for a decent price ! i hope my friend keep going back !
easily the most delicious pizza in the shadyside area . their delivery service is always on time , and most of the time it is early ! i think there is only been one instance where i wa waiting the full time that they had given for the delivery . they have got ton of topping option , and they are competitively priced compared to some of the other pizza joint in the area .
tillies ! ! if you like italian food , you should be eating at tillies ! i am reviewing pittsburgh area restaurant because i live here . if you want good food and great service , go to tillies ! get the house italian dressing on your salad , try the zucchini , and any dish that you order that ha spaghetti sauce or meat sauce is a winner ! ! ! chicken parm is delicious and so is the marsala ! ! enjoy ! !
i have been to about ~50 pizza place in pittsburgh and this is one i would not go back to . pizza is pretty bland and there is nothing remarkable about it .
on the positive side , the delivery wa pretty quick , given i ordered during the dinner rush , where i would consider under an hour to be pretty exceptional . after that , the food wa pretty meh . the pizza wa not bad , but it wa not great either . given the relative quick delivery , it wa on the cold side upon arrival . also , i had ordered a fried pickle appetizer . it wa clearly a frozen appetizer , so i knew what to expect , but this also arrived cold and soggy . all and all not a terribly positive experience given the vast wealth of take-out option in the area .
great pizza . they sent u the wrong bread stick at first ( regular instead of cheesy ) , but quickly fixed it without issue .
they claimed on their website that they have `` the best wing in town '' . a a seeker of good wing , let me tell you about my adventure with this place . everything started fine with our order of 24 wing with three separate sauce for 3 eater . the wing arrived exactly an hour later with the exact number of wing promised and a side of celery . here is the catch ... there wa no sauce ! my party of three decided to just tough it out and eat the wing plain . they were , i kid you not , so bland that i wa not sure what i wa eating . they literally just threw the wing in the fryer and delivered it to u . so once we realized how unbearable the plain wing were , we called and complained about the sauce . about 40 minute later , the sauce arrived . at this point , the wing got cold and our hunger turned into an unbearable rage . we tried bbq , garlic parmesan and spicy . the sauce were just average . the spicy sauce wa so weak that i should have just settled with a bottle of sirracha . the deliver guy gave u a cannoli a an apology ... .one cannoli ... .3 eater ! you get the point . but this give me the chance to tell you how terrible the cannoli wa . the outer shell wa soggy and the filling made me gag a little . it looked nice , but did not taste that great . so after 1 hour and 40 minute , 24 wing , 3 sauce and a cannoli ... we have 3 very unhappy customer . the wing were the most mediocre wing i have ever tasted . i will not order here again for the wing nor will i recommend it to the fellow wing connoisseur out there . final verdict : most mediocre wing in town !
it is not a complete weekend for me without a stop at pizza perfectta . pittsburgh pizza shop can be hit or miss , but these folk get it right . the pizza itself is pretty nice . well done , a good flavorful sauce , and just the right amount of crust . while they have good pizza , i usually find myself sticking to the hoagy , which are some of the best in town . they are loaded well and toasted to perfection . i highly recommend the steak and mushroom , a well a the chicken parm . very filling , and the whole one often serve for two meal for me . the wing i have had were good , too . nice and meaty , and just the right amount of sloppy . price are on par with most pittsburgh pizza shop , and i will highly recommend checking out the online coupon on their site . pizza perfectta is fast , delicious , and a great value . easily the best in shadyside !
stay away ! ! ! ! ! ! could not understand what the foreign cashier wa saying , made placing near impossible.could not make a pizza to save their life ...
solid pizzaone of the best `` pittsburgh '' buffalo chicken in the city . that being buff chick with the thick cut potato , chicken , and awesome hot sauce
this wa not the best pizza . we got delivery and it could have been warmer when it arrived . the flavor wa ok. not sure if i would order from them again . there are many other option for getting pizza , but not all of them deliver .
ate here over the weekend and loved it . my boyfriend got the perogie pizza and said it wa phenomenal . i just got plain cheese with extra cheese , but i think the normal amount of cheese would have been enough for me . will come back here the next time i am in shadyside !
pizza perfectta bailed my pregnant friend , her husband , and i out a few week ago when we were all hangry on a friday night . their online ordering system wa easy to follow , and we quickly placed an order for a large pepperoni pizza ( $ 12.59 special ) for pick-up . we were quoted a wait time of 15 minutes.we picked up the pizza at exactly fifteen minute . it clearly had been sitting for a bit because it wa already cold by the time we got home . the pizza wa just ok . there wa plenty of pepperoni but practically no cheese . the crust wa decent , but it just wa not a memorable pizza.the biggest issue here is that there is no close by street parking so it is a big pain to pick up food here . we probably will not return since parking is such an issue .
excellent pizza . not the best i have ever had . but real good . it is my neighborhood go-to for sure .
i will been wanting to try pizza from this place for awhile , and i received the opportunity to do so when my dept . had some delivered for an event last fri . overall , i found their pie typical of pgh pizza in style , and slightly above average in quality , hence the 4 star rating ( my average rating , a well a the pgh yelp citywide average , is 3.5 ) .jason f. describes the element of the pizza well , so i will not reiterate them . i will mention that there wa a generous amount of cheese , and the sauce : cheese ratio wa on point . i do not recall the crust being particularly crisp ( my personal sticking point when it come to pizza ) ; however , on the other hand , i do not recall it being floppy or insubstantial , either.in term of overall quality , pizza perfectta is pie are a cut above those of nearby pizza parma , and they offer similar convenience ( acceptance of credit card ; delivery ) . given that i do not order food for delivery , i will stop by in person the next time i am in the vicinity of shadyside/east liberty .
the pizza and hoagy here are absolutely on point . wow ! i ordered a medium pizza with chicken and spinach . my husband a tuscan chicken hoagie.first , the medium pizza is huge . easily the size of a large at most place . the chicken wa good and not rubbery . the spinach actually had flavor . i eat a lot of spinach pizza and it usually is flavorless . this wa amazing.the tuscan chicken hoagie wa next level . super flavorful and delicious.best of all , everything arrived hot ! we have ordered way too many pizza that arrive lukewarm ! we will definitely be back !
you will never know it by looking at this spot but it ha the best pizza in pittsburgh . ton of topping , great quality .
fast delivery ! food wa still warm when it arrived , which is always a plus when ordering delivery . i got the special - large pizza & a dozen wings.i paid the $ 2.29 extra for a pepperoni topping . fair amount of cheese & pepperoni on the entire pizza . crust is not too crunchy , nor too soft.i got the garlic parm and buffalo sauce ( $ 1 each ) for my wing - they put all the wing in garlic parm and gave me a side of buffalo sauce . i am not sure how that made sense . also , no ranch or dipping sauce even though it wa requested . overall , an okay to decent pizza place that delivers . * $ 1 delivery fee*
they close at 12am and i put my order at 11:58 and they still deliver it fast to me . great people ! !
rude . rude . rude . they do not speak english and they do not understand english . and they are rude .
super fast delivery and the food is-always tasty . great service and would definitely continue to eat here
best pizza in shadyside . always very quick when i do takeout , and their takeout special make their larges/x-larges an incredibly good deal .
not bad . ordered a ham and cheese pizza for delivery . arrived lukewarm but tasted decent enough . will not have a hankerin ' for this place but would order from them again if need be .
great pizza and fast service ; what more can you ask for ? everything about the pizza is fantastic ! they are very generous with topping , which taste wonderful , and the general cheese-sauce-toppings ratio of the pizza is very even . however , my favorite part of the pizza is the sauce . i believe that a good , flavorful sauce can make even the most basic pizza sing . the sauce that pizza perfectta used for their pizza had enough of a kick so that it brought out the cheese and other flavor of my pizza ( mushroom , onion , and sausage ) .when i ordered my pizza from them , they were ridiculously fast about getting it ready and it only took 15 minute for me to wait to get my pizza from them . i am sure with delivery it might take longer for your food to be ready but if you pick up your pizza from them instead , it is super quick ! pizza perfectta is definitely my favorite pizza place in shadyside and i am so lucky to live close by ! !
well i havent had pizza from pizza perfectta in quite some time . from what i remembered it wa pretty good . but today it wa absolutely unforgiving ! it wa a if i had ordered a pie with very light cheese and very lite sauce because 2 of the 3 main ingredient of any good pizza were severely lacking , lacking to the point of which it prompted me to write this review and im not a feedback kind of person . maybe it how their recipe call for the making of their product now ? if so , they have narrowed my choice selection for the future . also the driver forgot to bring my drink . wow !
i wanted to give a much more positive review . since my last review 9 day ago , i have ordered from this establishment again . so a i come to find out , the negative review on the pizza i orderded 9 day ago wa not the same for.the pizza i just received tonight . it wa really good tonight . i had to order extra cheese and sauce to my liking , but it wa really good this time . thank you guy ! ; - )
when i noticed our cat had worm ( ew ) i called up the point breeze vet and they took u in the same day , despite the fact that we will never been there before . the receptionist even explained what price to expect , which wa super helpful . now our cat is a regular client , much to his chagrin .
i took my two cat to this vet for a couple year and always received good , friendly , and quick service . one of my cat is on a prescription diet , which i need to buy at a vet , and every time i called for it , the point breeze veterinary clinic either had it in stock or wa able to have it available by the next day .
everyone at point breeze veterinary clinic wa friendly and helpful , and i am so pleased with our new vet , dr. samard ! she diagnosed my cat is food allergy with speed and certainty and now we have a gameplan for trying to root out the offending allergen . two previous vet dropped the ball on this one . not only did dr. samard figure it out easily , she seemed to know just about everything about feline food allergy and deceptive hypoallergenic cat food products.she also get point for spitting in the face of death by actually reaching inside the mouth of my 17 pound vet-hating pissy calico ( who required canvas glove and to be entirely covered in a thick towel ) to manually chip tartar off her daggerteeth.and the whole visit , with rabies vaccine for two cat , wa under $ 150 . hooray !
these guy are great . we took our more mature , distinguished hound for a check up and med for worm and they were so kind and gentle . they truly love animal here and are willing to work with you if you have payment issue a well . they always seem to have an opening on the same day when i call , which is a huge plus ! dr simard is really awesome and not afraid to be covered in slobber which is a way of life for any basset owner . dr gerson is really great also- funny guy ( kind of gruff , but kind if you look beyond that ) . an overall wonderful practice run by professional !
i took my cat here for a preliminary checkup after adopting her from the animal shelter & then again to have her declawed . i wa very impressed by the facility and service . the facility are spotless & modern , and the vet seem both knowledgeable and willing to spend time with you and your animal.i wa particularly impressed when i had my cat declawed . they kept her for several day to monitor my progress & called me each day to update me on her progress.it seems a bit expensive ( although i have no other point of comparison ) but the service is well worth it .
the vet met with u for a very short amount of time . she wa rushed , seemed distracted , and wa abrupt . she very quickly said that it seemed like scc , or oral cancer , and that there wa no cure and the prognosis wa not good . she left the room second after and only came back in to say that they would get blood work and schedule a biopsy . after she said she thought it wa scc , she did not give u a chance to ask question or respond . the technician did not have any demeanor with our cat , nor with u a client . she seemed tired , and overworked.all in all , this wa a negative experience . i recommend that you take your pet to another vet : (
it seems like every other time i take my pet to point breeze there is an unnecessary frustration . from being berating for using their online prescription program to being misquoted price substantially to poor customer service i just keep hoping each time will be better . although i know they love animal i suspect they love money more . dr. caroline . simard is an excellent vet , but my last two visit have been pushed to other vet whose bedside manner is atrocious . i am a 40 year-old who ha been taking my pet to vet since childhood and i do not understand why each visit leaf a sour taste in my mouth .
refused to take my cat , which had passed away , for cremation cause i had not been to the clinic previously . imho that is ridiculous . i will not recommended anyone to ever come here .
omg where to begin . i had a very sick kitty who had been to the er twice . i wa already $ 1,500 in the hole for vet bill in 2 week for an 11 month old kitten , i took her to avets and all they wanted to do wa cut her open ( i wa not gon na go that route ) . she wa very sick one night so i wa frantically searching for a 2nd opinion . my husband and i showed up on their doorstep just a they opened and i wa desperate to have her evaluated by a fresh pair of eye . the first person we encountered wa so sweet and i could tell she really wanted to help u and god bless her she got u right in ( thank you ) and i am sorry i never got your name . we saw dr.simard who is amazing , she wa very kind and empathetic with regard to our situation . i wa so stressed and so tired from not sleeping that i almost broke down in her clinic ( i am in medicine and i am usually a rock ) , and her swift thinking outside the box that had both diagnostic and comfort in mind for my lil one . she ran some test and started treatment and more importantly she made me feel like we are gon na figure out a dx and everything will be ok. my lil lulu is feeling much better and i want to thank everyone at pbvc for making it happen , they gave u excellent healthcare with great bed side manor & i would recommend this practice to anyone .
this place is great . i have been taking all of our dog ( five over the year ) to them and have nothing but admiration for them . the service is always prompt and caring . i highly recommend them .
i took my two cat to dr. mathias for annual physicals and minor malady for nearly 10 year . ( in fact , i got one of my cat from barbara , who wa the receptionist at the time . ) she set the standard of what i expect from veterinary care , and the office wa managed by true professional . the cat responded really well to dr. mathias ' caring nature , and i appreciated it , too . she always spent enough time with u to answer my question and provide advice on daily or post-operative care.we did not do a well with dr. gerson , but i know that others , particularly dog parent , really appreciate his expertise.we were really disappointed to leave this place behind when we moved away from pittsburgh . they are top-notch .
point breeze veterinary , dr. stephanie berger in particular , are amazing . dr. berger ha seen my dog on 3 occasion , all for a persistent infection from her time in rescue before we adopted her . not only doe she treat her patient like they are her own pet , she is very calming and sure to fully explain everything she doe and her diagnosis . the clinic overall is clean and nice , and the staff never failed to get me an appointment when i called first thing in the morning after a night up with my dog having breathing problem . the staff always remembered me and my dog when i called or came in , and were always following up with a call afterward to make sure she wa still doing well on any medication or after a procedure . a long a i am in the pittsburgh area i will always come to pvb , i can not recommend them highly enough !
dr. caroline simard is wonderful , but she is frequently unavailable to see her patient a it appears she only work part time . if you have a real emergency when she is on one of her lengthy vacation , you will be forced to meet with another doctor . on one such occasion , we did that and it resulted in a permanent change in my pet is overall health.i wa forced to locate another vet when i adopted a new kitten . then i recently accepted a job overseas , and wanted to take my older cat back to their vet just to get the paperwork done , so i did not have to take him to the new vet and pay for the initial visit . the receptionist informed me that their policy is not to handle any paperwork unless submitted through a pet relocation service . when i tried to clarify and ask another question about my doctor simply signing off on a health chart , she spoke over me loudly and repeatedly saying no . i understand that you may have been burned in the past , but seriously , learn some manner , lady.1 . not being able to see the doctor that i prefer2 . absence of said doctor led to a permanent decrease in my pet is well being3 . policy that engender total lack of cooperation at a stressful time regarding the relocation of my pet . 4 . being treated extremely rudely by reception wa the final straw . i mean , she wa so inflexible that she raised her voice at the mere request of clarification of their rule . i do not need anyone shouting at me , especially someone that i am paying , at 8:30 am . thanks , but no thanks.for these reason , it is just simply not worth the stress , time , or money to return . it is unfortunate .
i have been taking my cat darger here since i moved to pittsburgh back in 2008 and have had nothing but exceptional service from day one . we got our second cat ferguson almost two year ago and we take him here a well.the wait time are very short ( i do not think we have ever waited more than 10 minute ) , and we have never had a problem getting an appointment quickly . they have two office right next to each other - one for routine exam and vaccine and the other for more involved exams/illnesses which i think greatly help reduce the wait time and make it easier to get an appointment quickly.the staff , from the front desk to the tech and the vet are friendly , courteous and respectful.they always explain what they are doing and we have never felt rushed or talked down to . i love that they talk to my guy while they are examining them and give them lot of pet and love before they have to poke them . they will also take time to answer your question and provide you with the most up to date information regarding vaccine , med and treatment . sadly darger will be going in for his last visit in the next week or so ( cancer ) , and we have been working mostly with dr. simard and dr. schroth leading up to these final day . they have both been so incredibly caring and supportive during this difficult time , so i know that he will be in great hand during those last moment . i am so thankful for all of the love that darger ha received from the point breeze staff.i highly recommend taking your pet to point breeze . they are honest , caring , supportive and professional .
i have been bringing my cat here for about 30 year . the vet and tech are fantastic . they treat my animal and me with patience , kindness and respect . dr. schroth saw my latest two cat through their final illness . she wa incredibly empathetic . i felt very comfortable asking her question . the front office staff is also great . i can not say enough good thing about this place .
to be fair , this place deserves a 5 star review if it were for their veterinary care alone . they are highly knowledgeable and gave my pet nothing but the best while we were there . they also provide pheromone bandana for the pet to help ease their anxiety while you wait , which i found extremely helpful.however , i wa unable to be a loyal customer to this clinic a they were not loyal to me . it seemed every time i needed an appointment , they were fully booked for the next 2 , sometimes 3 week . while i understand planning ahead for routine care like vaccine can be planned ahead , if my dog is experiencing an acute problem such a vomiting/diarrhea for a couple of day it is not worth anything if she can not be seen within a day or two . their earliest appointment on that occasion wa 1.5 week out . while this wa frustrating and i wa ready to switch vet , they redeemed themselves and kept me a a customer for a bit longer . i took my dog to the humane society to save some money on her shot and she ended up getting pretty sick . she kept vomiting and wa lethargic , did not want to eat or drink . i called the vet at the first sign of lethargic , loss of eating and drinking . they told me to bring her right in , no appointment necessary . they saw her a soon a we walked in and got u squared away with the proper medication and what to do next time before her shot to prevent her getting so sick again . i do appreciate them for that a they went above and beyond in that situation.the point at which i decided to transfer to another vet is when we adopted a 2nd puppy from st. louis . we got her from a shelter and she came to u with one leg amputated ( fresh incision ) and she would cry out in pain any time she wa lifted or touched even close to that area , she also had a lot of diarrhea . the shelter we got her from give a 2 week health guarantee but given the issue we wanted to be seen that week . i called for an appointment and wa told the earliest wa 2.5 week out . i explained the situation regarding her health concern a well a the fact that we needed her to be seen within 2 week and asked if there wa anything i could do . the receptionist responded by telling me i might consider having her seen by another vet or the humane society for the first time , & then have her first puppy appointment with them to continue her care from there . i am sorry but the purpose of having a vet is to have them a their primary doctor for health issue , so it is really a problem if we can not ever get an appointment and it is clear to me they do not want my dog a their patient if they are suggesting for me to go somewhere else ... but anyway i called the big easy in lawrenceville right after i hung up since they could not even try to accommodate u , they got me in for a walk in appointment the same day and both of my dog have been going there ever since .
i have been going here with three different animal . however , i recently missed an appointment . i called to reschedule and talk to their office manager , barb . barb told me that my phone wa out of service when they called me the day before my appointment , but it wa not because i use my phone for my full time career and i would be fired if my phone wa off . i proceeded to tell her my phone number and she said that is the number that wa out of service . she then proceeded to tell me that i wa not allowed to reschedule since i missed my appointment . i then proceeded to tell her my father died about four month ago who wa a long time customer of theirs with our previous dogs.i am so disappointed in how i wa treated by their office manager that i wa in tear . i have been going to dr. gerson with my mom and my animal for my entire life . some of my childhood memory are in that office with my favorite furry friends.it is unfortunate that they have such a rude office manager . i have never been treated so poorly by a human being in my entire life . from the moment i got on the phone with her , she wa nothing but rude and unwilling to help me . barb , if you are reading this , do not you think i have had enough for one year ? you could not cut a long time customer a break ? my dad will punish you from heaven for how you treated his daughter . those doctor behind those door have no idea how rude barb is to their customer and it is not right because now i look down on a place that once wa my animal second home.i hope you replace barb with a woman with a heart . i now have to look for a new office because i am not allowed to go back because i accidentally got an appointment time mixed up . karma is coming for you barb ! i
my partner and i took our daughter bella here to get checked up and all vaccine due to the fact that we got a front yard and backyard in our new place . starting from the first initial call with annie and jordan i knew that this wa the right place to take my loved one . when we arrived for our appointment we were greeted by annie with a smile on her face , very nice . our tech wa chris who wa absolutely outstanding . when the doctor arrived in the room she wa greeted buy bella with hug and kiss . they answered all my question and concern regarding our daughter . absolutely best vet visit ever . i would definitely definitely recommend this place to all my friend and family who have fur baby like my partner and i .
this is a great little neighborhood market with a terrific friendly atmosphere . there is a large deli menu and very fresh tasty coffee , in addition to your standard one-of-everything-else lining the shelf . it proximity to frick park make it an excellent place to stop for sandwich and provision for a picnic . there are also a couple of table and chair lining the sidewalk outside in case you want to stick around . if you get really into the market , or the point breeze neighborhood , you can even buy a commemorative t-shirt to remember it all .
i guess i am getting burned out on winter . that is what made me think about this place . see , a julina below say , it is close to frick park and it is a wonderful place to pick up sandwich , pop , or picnic supply before going over there . it is also a great place to sit outside with a cup of coffee or a cold drink or snack before going over to the frick mansion . so you can stop here with your out-of-town guest while sightseeing.this is truly a little out-of-the-way gem , located on a side street . i have not been up this way in awhile ( i wa also nosing around on google maps/street view yesterday , so that is also why i thought of this place ) so i hope nothing much ha changed here .
my friend marla and i decided to go biking through frick park on a recent sunday . we stopped here because it is a great place to load up on provision before starting a ride . i am a diabetic , so whenever i do physical activity , i need to make sure i have some of the sweet stuff with me like an energy bar or trail mix . the help here is very friendly . they have a deli menu and outdoor table , although we stopped at ruggeri is afterward . but if you are in the neighborhood , stop by for some pop , coffee , or a deli sandwich and sit out and relax at one of their table .
there is nothing better than a neighborhood market , and frick park market fit the bill . come here for grocery staple , a great homemade sandwich ( get the breakfast sandwich , any of them ! ) , or just to hang out . the owner will be there & is happy to talk to you.the best part about the market , though , is when the kid get off school & come into the store for candy & soda . you can tell that the business is connected to the neighborhood and that everyone get along . pittsburgh treasure !
it is been two year since i have last reviewed frick park market ? time to write an update ! i came here recently on my day off and had me a sammitch ! whoa , baby ! do i have to upgrade this to a five-star review or what ? ! ! this place know how to do a pastrami on rye right ! to start with , they use boar is head meat here , which are some of the best deli meat around . second of all , they size the sandwich just right . it is not small , but it is not so ginormous that you can not finish it . the meat is layered just perfectly on it and they do not slather on the condiment ( presentation is every bit a good a taste , folk ) . third , the bread taste like it wa delivered just this morning . fourth , they top it off with a really good pickle . finally , when you bite into it , the sandwich doe not overpower you -- instead it melt delicately in your mouth . m-m-m-m-m , you wan na savor it . frick park market is much more than a deli though . you can get convenience food , milk , ice cream , etc , here . a i mentioned before , it is a great place to stock up on snack if you are going hiking in nearby frick park . and a joseph said , the owner is happy to talk to you . frick park market is a small neighborhood treasure .
anything you need you can find it at the market : )
my son marc and i stopped by on our way into the city just becasue he is a fan of mac . when we pulled up and entered we were greeted by a lady who could not have been kinder . she knew we were from out of town so asked marc if he wa a mac fan , once he said yes she went onto tell some story . while i wa ordering my sandwich , she took the time to give marc the story behind `` the story '' ... . she showed him the sandwich mac made during the video and also let him hold the tab book that were used a prop for the video and even snap a few picture . sadly , we never asked the kind lady her name but if by chance she see is this post i will like to thank her again because she made marc is day . oh and yes the sandwich are awesome ... . if and when we go back to pittsburgh i know where i am going for lunch !
frick park market is extensive selection of boar is head meat and cheese , breadworks baked good , and homemade soup make it a solid choice for a simple , inexpensive lunch . prosciutto and capicola with lettuce , tomato , and banana pepper is a personal favorite .
maggie and john are the best . the soup , sandwich and service are great and honestly , for the size of the store , they have just what you need if you run short of something and just want to pop out for a minute . if you do not know what to make for thursday dinner , they have that covered with home made dinner , just let them know wednesday and then pick it up thursday before close . in the warm month they fire up the grill and you can get barbeque chicken or rib for lunch . if you are new to point breeze , this is the place you need to go to know what is going on . if you want to help out with community event , this is the place to go to sign up to volunteer .
used to live two block away and now i miss having it so close ! great sandwich , and would always get my weekly bag of coffee and milk . the owner are friendly and helpful .
i am new to the area , and everyone wa super friendly . i have only eaten there once . so i can not really say much , but it is a great market to have close by . i definitely recommend it to people in the neighborhood . it is so important to support local business , especially when run by people who live in the neighborhood . i plan to be supporting them a much a i can . they even offered to help me discover my new neighborhood . great people . great business . : )
i like this place ; it single-handedly made me hate pittsburgh just a little le . in fact , this would be an easy 5 star if it wa not in pittsburgh and therefore emblazoned with all manner of steelers propaganda , and a a brown fan i ... i just can not do it . i am sorry . the sandwich were good and prepared with genuine care and attention to detail , the people were friendly and the price reasonable . get the soft pretzel , toss 'em in the microwave and eat them with mustard .
there are so few legit deli in pittsburgh , so finding one is a big deal . frick park market is a hidden gem tucked away in point breeze near one of the roundabout and a few block from the park itself . they serve a variety of ice cream and snack in addition to their house-made sandwich . all of the lunchmeat is boar is head , which is a top of the line brand that taste absolutely wonderful . you can pretty much customize your sandwich however you will like or choose one from the pre-made menu board . either way you will end up with a treat ! my one complaint is that i wish the bread wa a wee bit sturdier ... it get soggy easily . it would be nice to see them using trader joe is quality bread that stand up to all the wonderful sandwich filling a little better . until then i will continue to remake my leftover half a sandwich on fresh bread at home . it is a small price to pay for such a nice deli close to my favorite park in pittsburgh.i must say a word about the kind staff who work here a well . i purchased a ginger beer last time i stopped in , and it had a twist off cap . those thing suck to open with bare hand . the lady behind the counter gave me a napkin to twist it off with before i will even asked . so sweet ! thoughtfulness like that go a long way with me .
we recently stayed at a small place a few door away from this market and came in for coffee every morning . the owner are very nice . they have great coffee & biscotti . good selection of cold cut and pastry . everyday the wa a different , delicious smelling homemade soup cooking .
this market is a gem alright . we were ready to walk right past the place without even stopping but the owner greeted u warmly a we approached . originally , we were looking for a pizza/bar place but the owner told u it wa about 10 block away . they showed u their menu and we were more than pleased with the wonderful choice . everything is freshly prepared . they even feature a monthly dinner menu geared for cook is night off . the selection look fantastic . i cant wait to make a return visit . this is the perfect spot to pick up something for the first friday concert held at the frick . cash only but they do have an atm inside the market .
this gem is one of the best deli around . they carry boar head meat which is great . they have ton of snack , sweet and candy . they also have canned and boxed dinner . on top of that , there is pet food , medicine , and paper product .
stopped here just to check it out . the owner are super nice people . easy to talk to and very polite . they have a vast array of snack , grocery , a small deli area , and probably alot of other product i missed.sadly , they had a note saying they no longer accept credit or debit card . i almost never carry cash ( it is 2016.. ) so i will not be able to shop there often .
i posted a favorable review in the past , but i can not say how much i recommend you take your dollar elsewhere . they buy everything from costco and mark it up . they make whole food look like bargain basement . you would think for the extra price you would get convenience and quality . no . i asked why they have so few product that someone would want in a local store . i wa told roughly that `` this is a deli , not a convenience store . '' well , it is only a deli if you want to buy cheese that mold within a week . so , no quality/fresh ingredient but no convenience item and sky high price ... it would be great if this neighborhood either had a deli who served the community or a convenience store open late and on weekend . this is not a place that a neighborhood should support .
a a displaced west-coaster , i appreciate a store like this in pittsburgh . i like the bulk good and spice because you can take a much a you need , you get the spice whole and they put them in big jar so you can sniff them if you want before you buy ( the downside to that is that every time the jar get opened the spice probably lose some oil ) , and there is a huge selection . this place ha my quinoa , pearled barley , spelt flour , and nutritional yeast . some of the vegetable pop out at me and i am tempted to buy a lemon or some really ripe piece of fruit . usually i do not though . during the summer they were selling fresh herb in pot . that wa really tempting . once they sold kitten . that wa amazing . it doe not hurt that it right by the climbing wall , fencing , gymnastics , and bike shop .
the east end food co-op ha just about everything you would expect to find in a food co-op , except for -- sadly -- a great selection of local beer . this tragic fault doe not rest with the co-op , of course , but with the state of pennsylvania . but you probably do not care because you know where all of these elusive `` beer distributor '' are located.so , to get back on track , i like the local produce focus here , and some of the cheese appeared to be local , a well . nice staff , decent price , good little salad bar . i love co-op , and if you do , too , then you will love the east end food co-op .
on our way back from dc to chicago yesterday , we stopped off here since my friend swore by it . one of the best co-op i have ever been to . they have such a huge selection of product . if you are looking for vegan cheese , this place ha a humongous selection including sheese , which my bud say is really hard to find . they carry my beloved temptation soy ice cream even in chocolate chip cookie dough . nummers ! i grabbed delicious produce , a spinach and feta & olives-zaatar pie made by najat is cuisine , a still warm ginger cookie made there , a raspberry ginger beer , and i am sure i am forgetting something . i would come here all the time if i lived in pittsburgh . their hot food looked good , but i wanted something to grab and go.funny thing , in the time that we were there , three people commented that they really liked my tattoo . then the cashier said he liked my obama button . i love this place !
this is a good co-op for pittsburgh , stocking up on local item and friendly staff . however , i wa surprised at the teeny tiny amount of fresh food . my normal experience with co-op includes massive amount of produce , dairy , baked good , and meat . not here though ; instead it is like a co-op in miniature . even the mozzarella i wa looking for came only in tiny olive-sized ball . do not get me wrong - i fully support the existence of a co-op , especially in an area like the east end , but to be honest , i think a trip to the strip district would be much more productive shopping-wise .
the east end food co-op ha become my favorite place to get grocery . i have recently changed to eating vegan and this place ha everything i need . the bulk food section is awesome from all type of organic flour to organic candy , granola , rice , pasta , tea , coffee , even bulk tamari . you can bring your own container and fill it up . if not , bag and container are available . all different type of vegan ( a well a some non-vegan ) canned good , soymilk , vegan cheese , and meat substitute are available . there is so much crammed into the place sometimes it hard to find what you need , but staff is very friendly and are always there to help . it doe not have the glitz and glam of whole food but the price are a little better . if you become a member , once a month you can purchase item at a pretty good discount .
this is a good co-op , with a generous selection for it is smallish size . price are better here than in some co-op i have shopped at . competitive with the big box , a far a i can tell . i have tried some hot-bar/cafe item and quite liked them . the java jolt smoothie is amazing , a is the lemon pepper tofu sandwich ! if you can judge a town by it co-op , which i am prone to do , pittsburgh prof to be a decent place to be a conscientious vegetarian shopper .
there is nothing like this in chicago ! ( that i know of ) ... ..i hope i get to stay in pittsburgh long enough just to take advantage of this co-op . i love the bulk section , especially since i can choose the quantity of what i want to buy . super convenient for traveler . you can buy pasta , granolla , flour , quinoa , cous cous , cane sugar , spice , yerba mate ! ! ! , dried fruit , nut , olive oil , peanut & almond butter , soap ... ..man , i could go on & on . you can buy all of that stuff & choose how much you want of it . i wa suprised that they had cacao powder , for such a small place . they have a nice little section of tofu , tempeh , & seitan next to a bunch of vegan cheese that looked really good . they also have a juice bar & vegetarian `` cafe . '' i do not think i will call it a cafe , more like buffet . i wa not all that impressed with the food they had cooked , but i am not going to penalize them for that . for such a small place it is pretty amazing what they already have going on there . i really want to try something from their juice bar too ! ! there must be someone dj'ing the music in the store because i heard some great music that you would not hear on the radio . everyone wa very curteous and nice . i should try to make friend with these people since i am new in town .
kind of small , but i have had excellent luck with produce here : fresh and organic . in-store coffee bar is a nice plus .
spice , spice , spice ! best deal in town when you run out of something and do not want to pay $ 7 for another bottle of parsley at giant eagle . i also appreciate the affordable selection of local milk product , egg , bread ( allegro hearth , yum ! ) , and honey . one gripe - salad mix , it is 4.99 a bag ! you can get the same salad mix at tj is for 1.99 , 2.99 if you want organic . and currently most of the produce is shipped from other states/countries . i do not know if that will change a summer roll but more local would be great .
i do not know how i would survive without this place.as a transplant from arcata , can ... i need my weird hippy sh*t man . and i prefer to stay away from giant corporation like whole food a much a possible.i always go here to buy local honey and get goat is milk soap.and they have a great selection of pre-made food ( i love the tabouli and hummus wrap and the greek salad sandwich ) and the salad bar is awesome.it is true that it is tiny , but a someone who come from a place that is crawling with store like this ... i feel lucky that pittsburgh ha one at all . i mean , people ask me , `` where did you get that ? '' and i say the east end co-op , and then they just stare at me blankly . they have no idea what in the frak i am talking about . `` the what ? ... where is that ? `` there are bigger place like right by nature , but it is just not the same.the co-op feel like home .
the bulk section are amazing ! ! ! spice , grain , oil , nut butter , pasta , the list go on & on . if you or someone you know is on a special diet , this is place to go . they have a great selection of produce , gfcf item , vegan/vegetarian , and a good meat selection for that carnivore close to your heart ( all the meat is hormone free and the animal fed vegetarian diet ) , the hot bar/salad bar ( of course you pay by the pound so it can get pricey a everything look so delicious ) and prepackaged side & sandwich make for a fantastic lunch or quick dinner . i go there 5 day a week for the soup alone .
a great little place . i love their produce , fruit , meat and spice . they carry alot of very hard to find skin care product that i love . they were even the first place in pittsburgh that carried carol is daughter product . they also carry pre made salad , sandwich and wrap . sure it is not a big a i would like but it is still a great place . if you like whole food and trader joe is you will like this place a well .
stopped by here on my drive across country to stock up on some tasty , healthy snack . nice selection of bulk food . if i lived in pittsburgh , this is where i would shop all the time .
i love this place . they make the best smoothy . my only complaint is that you can find pretty much everything here le somewhere else . it is pretty expensive .
this place ha steadily improved over the year , and never fails to make me happy . it is stocked with every variety of weird hippie food . it is also stocked with the best produce anywhere in the city in the winter month when giant eagle is selection look beat up . the prepared food case in the back is deliciously weird . and it is locally owned/operated , so you are not exactly sending your hard earned money to whole food is ceo.the membership is lifetime , apparently , which the employee always kind of failed to express ; i thought you had to pay for it yearly , and the difference is pretty big . that said , i live far enough away that getting here regularly still doe not justify the membership .
lot of great vegan , local , organic , gluten-free , and/or raw food , though some item are quite pricey . very good rotating-item hot bar for take-out lunch or dinner . great bulk food selection , including diverse reusable glassware of known tare weight . fresh fruit and vegetable are right-priced , but processed item like meat , cheese , and frozen item can be surprisingly expensive . fairly comprehensive selection , akin to a whole food .
this is sort of a niche place for me . it is a bit too expensive for the average person , i think ( and yes i understand that it is a co-op , etc . but it doe not change that it is probably middle to upper class price by comparison ) , but it doe offer some deal . it is the best place to buy spice because they are sold in bulk , and if you want to try something new or only need a little for a recipe , you do not have to buy a whole bottle . there is an entire aisle of spice , spice blend and dried herb , so there is a lot to choose from . it is also great to buy a little at a time because you can make sure your spice are always fresh . same go for the bulk food bin , though probably half of them are the 9,000 flavor of granola they stock.the salad bar ha great variety . the hot food bar , not so much . it run out quickly , and it is too easy to run up a high tab if the good stuff is weighty . i am not a fan of most of the packaged fresh food in the deli case . the stuffed grape leaf are not good , and a lot of the other thing seem sort of bland to me.there is an extensive vitamin and supplement section , with pretty much any herbal supplement you will want . the produce section is expensive , but almost always very fresh .
just moved here from baltimore and ran across this place . love it ! watch yourself at the hot bar . there is no scale ( should be ) . your mea l ( of veggie , tofu and kale ) could end up costing $ 20 easily . i usually grab a hot meal and play on my computer 1-2 hour . love the carrott juice with ginger yum ! a small is $ 4.30 ouch ! just found out they will not charge you for bag if you bring your own ... .cool !
ooooppss ... update time . got the regular ( steamed spinach and lasagna ) from the hot bar on my way to work . so , i am on my dinner break sitting , chatting it up with a co worker while eating . i see something white in the spinach just before putting it in my mouth . wtf is that ! omg , it look like one of those fat as worm we will pluck from the green in my grandma is garden . i threw the fork down and my co worker say ... '' you are seeing stuff . '' um not ! i sat there digging through the spinach determined to find that damn worm . thirty minute later shazam ... found it . ugh , my coworker spread open the spinach leaf . eeekkkk , it wa bigger and fatter with black spike poking out . fuck ! call the manager at co-op and he say ... '' bring it in for a refund , thanks for being so nice about it ... we usually just see worm in the fruit . '' geez , thanks for that lil tidbit . this happened last week around the sept 14 , 2010 . guess that mean it is really organic , huh ?
this is one of the best health food store i have ever shopped at . the price overall are pretty good in term of the size and type of the store . plus there are regularly sale which help make the price easier to swallow . the bulk and pre-made food section are really wonderful , and there is always a good selection of local produce . the staff is knowledgeable and very friendly and they give a 10cent coupon for bringing your own bag .
i really love this little place . the hot bar is almost always completely wonderful . i especially love the breakfast/brunch on weekend , it is one of my favorite meal . the potato and garbanzo bean patty are amazing.the price are pretty much in line with any smaller heath and local food oriented grocer . i can usually count on them to have specific item that whole food is sold out of and sometimes at a better price . plus , the co-op hot bar is a million time better than the whole food hot bar - quality over quantity all the way.short line , great staff , good for pittsburgh .
it is disappointing that you got lukewarm service , erina . i have had pretty consistently good vibe ( har har -- get it ? -- hippie reference ) there from the staff , who have been enthusiastic about helping me find what i need . hand down , this place beat whole food for price and general atmosphere , and their salad and hot bar is my go-to when i do not feel like cooking . absolutely great bulk section with a wide variety of grain , legume , and pasta . killer cooky and baked good . on the other hand -- if i lived on my own , i could do all my shopping here . but , since i do not -- i can not . it is tough to stock a household kitchen solely from the eefc -- i mean , i can not really afford to regularly buy $ 15 laundry detergent . realistically , the co-op can not serve most of u for one-stop shopping . but it is worth it to put down a few extra penny for potato or juice to support a genuinely community-oriented business .
in need of healthy goodness today ! parked right out front . there were a decent amount of patron but nothing that would make me growl at the person standing in front of the thai coconut soup i so desperately wanted . first thing i did wa order a wheat grass shot and my favorite juice bar drink ... dante is inferno ! it is a bright red drink that contains organic beet , carrot , celery , ginger , and garlic . i never get it with garlic even though you should . i can not handle that much garlic in a drink . i am a wuss . hot food wa bumpin ' but i wa still able to stroll around and decide on what indian kitchen cookery would go in the belly for dinner . a little tofu surprise , chickpea curry , steamed kale , steamed veggie with big slice of zucchini , and a few red lentil scoop . everything looked fresh and delicious . after grabbing 2 soup and my dinner i downed my sweet wheat grass shot and wa ready to get home . at the register they forgot to ring up the shot but i had to let them know . all smile a i left . do not forget to tip the juice bar peep .
the husband and i get so excited each week for grocery shopping because of the co-op . i love it so much.we need this place in our life . it give u hope and make u feel like we belong . i have never , in my entire life , eaten better broccoli . i sometimes ob about this broccoli and go through withdraws when we run out . the beet hummus is to die for and the wrap are incredible . i also like the beauty section and natural makeup and night cream . yes , some stuff can be pricer that trader joes is , like the amy is frozen pizza , but it is so worth it becasue you know that the extra $ is going towards a good cause . we got a membership last year and rarely go anywhere else . and our dog attack his bowl when we feed him his food . he will not even go near anything else , which we sometimes have to resort to when he run out .
i am so glad we have the food co-op in pittsburgh . although still fairly expensive , it is le than whole food , and i do not do all my shopping here , just the thing i have a hard time finding elsewhere . the bulk selection is one of the best i have ever seen , and i truly appreciate the salad bar on busy day . their choice are more on the crunchy/hippie side than the high-end gourmet side of thing , and it is nice to shop for vegetable without having to turn something down because it is not organic ... most of the produce is . the staff is helpful and friendly , and , if someone doe not know an answer to a question , which can happen with a volunteer , he or she will find out for you . on member 10 % discount day it can get very busy , so go early or late .
my first trip to the east end food co op wa sort of a disappointment , i guess i heard so much about it that i sort of made it bigger ( in my mind ) than it was.first , it is not bad , for what it is . i like trader joe is better , i like whole food better , but this place had stuff i use that the other don't.nice produce section , item seemed fresh , and plentiful . mostly organic , and i do like how they label thing `` local '' so that we can help our local farmer , and grower . great juice bar , salad bar , and hot lunch item . everything looked appetizing.great spice and herb section , i bought some freshly ground ginger and some wonderful sweet and smoked paprika . good vegan section , tofurkey brand and lightlife product . good dairy section too , their price for soy milk is a bit outrageous.that said , the east end food co op is a good place to shop for the pantry .
i just found this place a month back and i am kind of blown away by how awesome it is . fresh produce , awesome prepared salad and dip , bulk everything , natural cleaner , and plenty of hippie garbage you can not help but fill your shelf with . the best part is that they try to stock up with locally sourced produce , milk , and meat . and you can get a good discount if you purchase stock in the co-op .
you got ta love co-op . especially this one ! it embrace it east end neighborhood , make amazing product available to the community , and in general feel like it care , which is the only acceptable vibe for anything calling itself a cooperative ! i mostly go here for the juice , honestly , but i will tell you why : eefc is literally the only place in pittsburgh proper to get your hand on some straight , non-pastuerized juicer juice . why is this not a thing here ? ! even the whole food is lacking a juice bar ! ! seems juice is the new pittsburgh mexican food . sheesh !
i am definitely a fan of east end food co-op . their produce is always very fresh and of really high quality-it keep really well once you get it home too , and while price are slightly higher than an average grocery store , it is definitely worth it . my favorite part of the co-op is the bulk section -- it is a great way to buy item in the exact quanities you need rather than ending up with way more than you want ! the same go for the spice -- such a bargain ! the juice bar ha great smoothy and juice -- they are a little pricier than i am used to , but great for a bit of a splurge !
though i can not say i have taken advantage of all it ha to offer , i really like the idea of a co-op . it is been in the community for year and i feel good knowing i am shopping somewhere local and cooperatively owned . they are not the biggest grocer around , but they do have a nice selection and it is good quality food and it is definitely clean too . the produce is fresh and the variety is nice too . they also have a salad bar and hot food selection that are very tasty . they have a cooler section that ha prepared food a well that is pretty great . they have a lemon pepper tofu sandwich that is absolutely amazing ! the price are decent ... they are slightly higher for some thing ( but not all ! ) compared to a commercial grocery store , but they are cheaper than whole food and i believe the quality is worth the tiny bit extra . they also offer lose ( not prepackaged ) good such a nut , granola , bean , tea , herb , etc ... that i really like . it is a fantastic place to go if you are vegan or vegetarian , but even if you are neither and just enjoy high quality and local food it is a place i certainly recommend . the parking lot and street parking get a bit full at time and it can be a little tricky getting a spot at certain time , but i do not think that should hold anyone back form going .
this is a great stop for fresh everything ! i crave their juice on a regular basis . shot of kale , yes ! the salad bar and hot food bar are also great , hot food change on a regular basis but always have vegan/veg option . aside from a quick dinner/grocery shopping location , we tried their weekend brunch . my bf loved everything , and the price were great for a full plate of food . i , myself devoured some vegan pumpkin bread and a delicious fair-trade coffee . i also love their to-go food selection , full of vegan-friendly wrap , salad and more - great for picnic ! the staff is very friendly and it is obvious they like their job . the bulk food and produce section are also impressive ! i wish it wa closer , but it is worth the commute !
the product and service are great , but the price are outrageous ! i am on a vegan diet and have found this co-op really helpful . if you can get past the price , the selection is great !
the only place i grocery shop ! i love the fresh local produce . i love that i am a member . they have recently been remodeling the place , which ha only made it even better ! i feel lucky that i live so close to the co-op !
this store is quite expensive , i wa shocked a cream cost 13-14 $ whereas the same one cost 11-12 $ at whole food and at online store ( http : //www.vitacost.com/weleda-calendula-diaper-care ) around 7 $ . the store seems to be a kind of a ripoff.also i got food there which made me quite sick - tabbouleh . my diarrhea did not want to stop for a day - my first experience like that with food from a so called health food store . there are other option to this store like for instance whole food which is only 8 min away . whole food ha very often sale which this one doe not . also there wa a strange old/rotten smell going through the co-op place - indicator something is wrong . i think they are owned by 8000 member , so enough people spreading the word that they are great . but the truth is - it an expensive store with big attitude , and very little to offer .
this is such a fantastic place to buy your grocery ! the store in on the smaller side , but they are well stocked with lot of fresh vegetable , fruit , and other organic treat . i loved the fact that many of their item are local , especially the delicious bread ! everybody wa also very nice and helpful . great place to come check out if you have not yet .
i absolutely love this place and wish there had been something similar in orlando ( one where you do not have to be a member ) .i randomly found out about east end when i wa doing a search for organic , local food product . we decided to go check it out and instantly fell in love . their produce selection is second-to-none , seriously . and yes , i am including giant eagle in that ! seriously , just about every time we have gone all the produce look so fresh and brightly colored ( i.e. , the pepper , tomato , fruit , etc . ) and ripe . i also like how they carry pasta noodle , rice , and other fun thing in bulk . we always lament about how since there is only the two of u , we do not always need the large offering that you usually find at place like giant eagle . being able to pick out just the amount you need and not letting anything go to waste make me feel a lot better.beyond the food product , i have also gotten into making my own body wash . east end carry all of the ingredient that i need with multiple option . they have recently redone their store ( and are still renovating ) and have expanded their meat ( they did not use to carry meat at all ) and cheese selection tremendously . the meat is a little pricey , actually the whole store is little pricey , but in my opinion it is well worth it . it is nice knowing that the item are organic and come from sustainable farm . bonus : they buy a much locally produced item a they can a well . i really have nothing bad to say about them . the service ha always been great and i love the selection and product offered . i can not comment on the cafe a i have not eaten at it , but i hear the food is great . a combination of east end and the strip ha pretty much replaced giant eagle for me . i only stop by there now if i am close by and just need a few item really quick .
yes . i love the co-op . it is one of the very few place in pgh i have been able to find unpasteurized juice , besides my own counter top . because my counter top contains a juicer , which is awesome , but such a pain to clean.i love getting lunch here . the onion parmesan soup is amazing .
the best grocery store i have been to . lot of organic fruit and veggie , bulk bin for a far a the eye can see , and if you can not find a type of granola you like then you should give up on granola.they basically have everything you need , and you do not have to shop at the chain store .
i wa visiting pittsburgh and looking for a throat spray called singer saving grace . whole food did not have the item in stock but east end co-op did ! also , had a smoothie while a shopped . what a great find !
this wa a really interesting adventure . initially , i wa not too impressed with the produce section where it wa pretty limited and only some of the fruit were worth buying . the self serve section wa enormous and definitely worth checking out ! there are a few thing here that you may not find anywhere else . my interest in the food there wa a little curbed by the price which you could easily beat at a regular grocery store . however , the raw milk and goat milk there wa an interesting find though ! it is a bit out of the way but if i am ever near bakery square i would definitely drop by !
coffee , dry bean , bulk food , fresh fruit , and veggie oh my.once a staple place of mine when living in friendship and point breeze , now a novelty that strike up fond memory . even now that i live in the north hill i still enjoy to seek out the east end food co-op on a semi-regular basis . i go there for the bulk bin mainly , but always end up grabbing some other thing . their fresh fruit and vegetable selection is always good and cheaper than whole food and market district for sure . i am a gigantic fan of their whole coffee bean selection a well . very good place . and not swarming with hippy all the time , though that is not that bad of a thing .
over all i like it , but it not going to be my main grocery run . i like having all the organic option , especially for the produce , bean and grain . i hate the parking situation , and their price are significantly higher than i expect , even for organic .
i love stopping by here for a juice and take-out food from the cafe . it is one of the few place i have found in pittsburgh serving fresh-pressed and organic juice . my favorite juice combo is the carrot , apple , and ginger , aka `` ginger wabbit '' . although they can be a little pricey , certain juice are sometimes on special , so keep your eye out ! they also have plenty of smoothie and coffee bar option if juice and wheat grass shot are not really your thing . do not be afraid to ask the staff member for some recommendation ! the hot food/salad bar ha great vegetarian and vegan option . usually the selection include roasted veggie , homemade soup , tofu and tempeh option , kale , and some kind of grain . on the back wall of the store , they have a selection of already packaged salad , sandwich , mock tuna and chicken salad , hummus , marinated tofu , great to grab and go or enjoy for lunch in the cafe.i can not comment much on the store selection , because i mostly stick to the prepared food and juice bar . they also have a large selection of nutritional bar , including the local company such a barre and nugo . do not be intimidated to give east end food co-op a shot , the staff is totally helpful and the healthy , fresh lunch option are worth stopping in for !
this is a great co-op . the store is very clean and organized well , with a wide variety of organic , vegan , and vegetarian option on the shelf . there are plenty of bin and dispenser where you can purchase nearly anything imaginable in bulk : rolled oat , trail mix , bean , spice , honey ... the list go on ! the produce and prepared food are very fresh and enticing a well . though the price are rather high , the quality of the food here can not be beat . if you want organic , exotic food in pittsburgh , this is the place for you .
this co-op is probably great for vegan and vegetarian , but i am paleo . i wa very happy to find grassfed butter , raw milk , and cheese at reasonable price . the bulk food section wa missing a few mainstay item i typically pick up , and the meat selection wa very poor . i would like to see a better listing of which meat is grass fed and grass finished , a many of the farm in the frozen meat section did not have any of that information.for my future need , i will be ordering directly from the farm ( this co-op sell item from the farm that i will be direct ordering from ) at a lower price and will fill in the gap elsewhere .
the east end food co-op is a great place to shop and somewhere i frequent reguarly . they have a full selection of product but add a different local flare to thing ! i find their produce is always fresh and they have a great selection of organic fruit and vegetable a well.one of my favorite part about the east end food co-op is the co-op café . they have a variety of soup , entree and side to choose from plus a great salad bar . whether i have time to sit down and enjoy my meal or take it to go they have a little bit of everything and it is all fresh ! this is one of my favorite place to shop !
forget whole food when you have east end cooperative ! honestly , this is quite possibly one of my favorite coop . they make some amazing deli item ... so amazing that i went back twice during my visit to pa . i wa only expecting to have a few option in the prepared food section , but the vegan option were plentiful . their mock tuna salad wa impressive , made with tvp , vegenaise , and spice . the potato salad wa creamy and exceptionally delicious . and the vegan pasta salad wa also impressive . generally most grocer fail in this department , but east end excels by leap and bound . i can not believe how tasty their store-made food wa . the price were also very reasonable , if not low . if i lived in pa , i will join their coop and would go there frequently .
great selection , tasty salad bar .
i used to work there and i just love east end food co-op . the place ha definitely got soul , awesome folk at co-op . so many local option , such good produce , and awesome prepared food . sure some of the price are high , but if you learn to shop it , there are also great value everywhere . and i really appreciate that they stick their neck out , and are spending time and money in the fight to label gmo is . it is important issue like this that really define our co-op imo .
love the east end food co op . reasonably priced organic selection . the smoothie/juice bar is outstanding . great vegan/and or healthy selection at the hot and cold salad bar . my most favorite thing here is the ability to purchase raw , unpasteurized unhomogenized milk . the staff is very friendly , the . produce is very fresh . this is definitely a good way to avoid the over priced , over processed major grocery chain food selection . i love the co op .
when i go organic i go here and reccommend the same to my client ! mark cpt bestpapersonaltrainercom
organic , vegan , vegetarian , juice bar , and much more . this place is friggin heaven . when i made the initial switch to vegetarian a few year ago i struggled . not from the desire , but from a lack of option . then i found the co-op . in my opinion the co-op is just a valuable a public library ! ! !
east end food co-op is awesome ! if i had to choose between the co-op and wf , the co-op is where it is at.there is a good selection of fruit and veggie , a well a toiletry ( shampoo , soap , toothpaste , tampon , shaving cream , etc . ) to household cleaning product . the frozen section is also very diverse with a good selection of frozen meal , ice cream ( dairy and nondairy ) , and veggie . the co-op also carry a nice selection of food for people with restricted diet especially for celiac and vegan , or for people with severe allergy like myself . they also carry hard to find vegan cheese such a treeline that i have difficulty finding at wf in pittsburgh and the co-op in west virginia . i wa also happy to find that they had my favorite ito-en sencha green tea shot ( it is just green tea in a can , it is not like one of those energy shot at all ) . the deli is also fantastic , and i highly recommend the co-op deli over the wf deli . there are a wide variety of soup and salad and dressing . the vegan mushroom soup is really , really , really yummy . there are also vegan meal in ready to go container ( salad , vegan pesto noodle salad , etc . ) . you can also order coffee/espresso at the deli counter . a with any good co-op , they have a variety of non-dairy milk option . if you have food allergy or have any dietary restriction the co-op is an excellent place to get a quick meal ( hot or cold ) and to pick up grocery . there is also a little dining/sitting area at the front of the store . it is kid friendly and they even have a little compost/recycling bin ! yes , this is important for me to mention because i come from seattle where recycling is the norm and we get fined if we do not recycle..and recycling doe not seem to be a big thing in wv where i currently live . there is also a community board if you are looking to post something up ( event , class , pet sitting , etc . ) near the bathroom in the back of the store .
i love supporting co-op and other local grocer , but for whatever reason , i kept putting off visiting east end food co-op . this all changed yesterday when i wa desperate for a healthy smoothie and nowhere near one . we were a little confused a to how to get into the co-op , because did not realize that it wa on the opposite street all tucked away . after we figured that out by following another patron , we were really excited to walk through the door . if you have never been into a co-op , you should know that they are typically smooshed together and have an interesting smell that emanates from the bulk-spices isle . i love this smell . it is really the best grocery store smell , ever.proceeding through the store we noticed the colorful and abundant produce section . so many beautiful fruit , veggie and herb . the price varied , but they were probably on par with what you would pay for any other organic produce somewhere else . when we found the back area with hot food , cold food and the smoothy ... i died of happiness . there were so many wonderful thing back there . the food bar is $ 7.99 a pound , which is a lot cheaper than some place ! the smoothy were all very tasty sounding , but i settled on a smoothie with soy ice cream , strawberry and papaya juice . oh , my , god . it wa so delicious ! my boyfriend got the king smoothie , and he really enjoyed his too.right beside the smoothie bar there is a section for all kind of book . my eye wa caught by an organic and local homebrewing book . it is now on my list of must have ! the rest of the store wa great . i especially love the cheese selection ( we bought amazing and local tomato-basil havarti ) , the vegan meat product and the price . i will definitely be coming here a lot more . it is a great little co-op , and it is definitely the best i have been in !
they have a great selection of product considering their size . i would give them 5 star but they carry bottled water -- which confuses me . if they are really passionate about protecting the environment and resource , they should not be selling bottled water , regardless a to how it is sourced .
the co-op is great ! when we had to put our child on a diet free of gluten and dairy , we were lost -- until we found the east end food co-op . that wa 10 year ago and i have shopped there weekly ever since . it provides for all of our gluten-free , dairy-free need - and even allows the opportunity to purchase in bulk a a member . i also love buying grain , bean , etc . from the bulk bin , fair trade product and many daily food item like cereal , nut butter , snack , etc . they now stock meat/poultry from local farm and specialize in vegan option . also , have to mention the awesome produce section , stocked mostly from local farm .
used to love the co-op despite it flaw . continuous turnover , especially at higher level , poor communication to customer , blatantly hostile/condescending attitude from some staff . all been going on for year . there wa some improvement for awhile , but it ha gotten worse . a few individual employee are pleasant and competent , but the organization overall ha some serious issue with ethics/transparency . they are actually worse than some large corporate store in these area . pittsburgh ha many choice for healthy food - farmer market and csas - and that is where we purchase much of our food now . suggest you do the same .
i had driven by east end food co-op over 100x throughout the last 3 year and would frequently comment , `` i need to check it out ! '' well , finally , a couple week ago , i decided to randomly swing by the co-op.i wa diagnosed with a soy allergy last year , so i wa truly like a little kid in a candy store at east end food co-op . there are so many option that not only accommodate my annoying food allergy but also support incredible local businesses.for my first east end visit , i snagged several item , including incredible locally-made challah bread , three type of flavorful locally-harvested honey , cognac fig cheese , and my favorite amy is pizza in pesto , a flavor that i have never found elsewhere . thankfully , i wa shopping without a basket or cart , or i would have spent well over $ 100 on my first trip . instead , i wa trying to balance all my great find in my arm , which limited my purchases.my one warning about east end ... do not expect aldi or trader joe is price here . like whole food , you will be spending $ 50 or more on just a bad or two of grocery . just remember that you are supporting multiple local business when shopping here , and you will leave feeling fulfilled about your money spent !
the co-op is an invaluable resource for pittsburgh . first of all , the selection is fantastic . no matter what kind of health-conscious diet you follow from vegan to paleo - they have got what you need . my favorite item here that you can not really find many other place are raw milk ( legal in pa , woo ! ) and the local meat . the price on the meat here are higher than most butcher in the area , but on par with the lesser quality meat at whole food - choose your co-op ! i seldom find the produce price to be ridiculously high . for example , i recently purchased mushroom at $ 1.99 per lb . and strawberry for $ 2.50 per lb. , which seem to be two of the more expensive item at any given store . their sale are worth planning a shopping trip around.when i followed a plant-based diet , the bulk section wa my holy grail . for grain , flour , nut , and seed , they have a wide variety of unique product . i also love that you can fill a jar and buy it right at the store - most other bulk section in the 'burgh do not have this.all in all , i like being able to go into a store and not have to sift through the produce to see if it is what i want ( organic , local ) because it all is ! naturally , they do sell tropical fruit and thing that simply do not grow here , but everything is very clearly labeled in it origin and growing method.the employee are always friendly and helpful a well . the only terrible thing about this place is the fact that there is almost never parking - i have parked in the lot maybe ten time out of the ~40 or so time that i have shopped here . i do not mind the walk down , but with heavy bag in my hand , the walk up the street can be tough !
where do i start ? ? i love the east end food co-op ! one of my colleague introduced me to the co-op and i wa super skeptical , but when i went back by myself i wa immediately in love . i originally went the first time to get some essential oil , but left with that and then some ! i have been back quite a few time since then and i can not get enough ! i get a little overwhelmed when i go in if i dont have a very specific list ( and even then , if you are not familiar with the product or choice , it can be confusing ) but i do love to go in and just explore.. it is really a little piece of heaven for any health food lover . i love their selection of dairy product and meat a well.. there also a great supplement section.. i could go on and on , but you get it . this place is a diamond in the rough and i love it !
a lesser known whole food type of market with it own charm . this place is pretty cool . there is so much to see and consider buying and i wa intrigued at every corner . listen to the review ! their selection of veggie , meat , fruit , frozen item , nut and pretty much everything is amazing . you will have so much fun exploring even if you are not looking to really buy anything . boyfriend got dried mango and almond butter . a bit pricey , but we expected it to be . i got some food from the hot food and salad bar . they are small ; you might find something you like . ( their mac n cheese is good ! ) they also have a juice bar , which i will love to try next time . east end food co-op is an excellent place to do your weekly grocery shopping . you can find everything you need here and more .
really wide selection of product to choose from.i understand that organic , local stuff is a premium purchase over conventional food , and there is a huge community for these type of thing to support the local food scene ... but damned if i am going to pay $ 8 for a pound of strawberry when i can get them for sale at kroger for $ 1 . everything is 2-4x more expensive than conventional grocery . i can understand paying a little more , but i can not do that kind of mark-up .
a lot of vegan option . kind of pricey . parking is not ideal but the do have bike parking . the staff is knowledgeable , helpful and friendly . they always seem to be adding new option to their selection . it seems small and can get pretty crowded inside when busy .
this is a pretty cool little spot i discovered while in town for work . they have a great veggie lunch buffet ( hot and cold ) and some great coffee . will definitely be stopping by again for grocery before i leave town .
oh my gosh i wa like a little kid on christmas the first time i went into the store . there is simply no other place to buy your certified organic good in the pittsburgh surroundings . this includes make-up , produce , nail polish , toiletry , chapstick , face wash , and everything else you would normally find in a grocery store -- only nearly all of it is organic ! i can not tell you how long i have been looking for a place like this and even though it is slightly pricier than trader joe's/whole food ( or just about the same ) , i do not know about you , but i would rather pay for the quality of my food than for a name-brand jar of salsa.one of the thing that i liked most , is that they indicate on the glass of the hot food bar , which ingredient are organic- which i think is fabulous , because we have a right to know what we are eating ! they sell teatree oil , rosewater , and other bamboo cosmetic supply . almost all of their spice are organic , and they have a café where you can enjoy food that you might order fresh from the bar . i wish they would open up more place like this in the surrounding pittsburgh area . this is nothing that others have not stated already , but the only downfall , in my opinion , is the small parking lot . i do not even care- i will still give it five star because i am just that in love and i hope you will be too .
this place is the real deal . we recently moved and i still keep the membership tag on my key ring like a love lorn teenager . we frequented all of the obvious place . whole food , trader joe is , the new place near the strip . this place made me feel really good about supporting the community . i loved buying produce and bulk good here . best price on bean and tomato . loved the prepared food , the salad and hot bar and the cosmetic selection . the membership is totally worth it .
best tasting salad bar in a long time . worth every penny . been going there since 2006 and wished i lived closer . i need to go back soon . try the hot meal or some of the delish produce , organic meat , spice and et al ! jamison garms lamb and raw milk need i say more .
loveee the co op . the place always smell good ! really friendly staff and very helpful with finding anything you need . the price are extremely reasonable . the store is easy to get to . parking lot is easy to navigate .
one of the thing i miss since moving to bloomfield from regent square is being within walking distance to the co-op . it is the perfect neighborhood market and though on the smaller side they carry just about anything you need . love the food bar and freshly made beverage . all natural all good .
the east end co-op is a great location for healthy food . it is a small market but carry a lot of item from fresh produce , hot food , fresh grain and spice . if you are vegetarian , vegan or have special diet such a gluten-free , the option here abound . they have a wonderful juice bar a well a a hot bar serving delicious prepared food including breakfast , lunch and dinner fare . i especially love going there for breakfast . good are at a higher price point here , but you are paying for quality product that are locally sourced and gmo-free . this store is a pittsburgh gem !
this store been around since the 60 . never disappoints on great food and people . shop small business and you never get tired of it !
i really dig the eefc , notably for breakfast , which is when i go when i am in tahn . this is the real deal - alt culture 70 vibe combined with an unpretentiously modern selection of fine foodstuff , much of which is vegan-friendly ( which is the best kind of friendly ) .
construction junction is a gem . find gently and not so gently used furniture , building supply , lighting , and all sort of other stuff . the warehouse is huge , and if you look , there are some seriously cool treasure here . a giant ( i am talking probably 12 ' wide ) chandelier , a wood-burning stove , 27 ton of sand stone in the parking lot . this is a great place to get cheap building supply and help out the environment by recycling.that is not the best part , though ( well it might be , depending on what you are here for ) . construction junction is also home to many other awesome thing . most notably , the space upstairs is aptly named the space upstairs - enter from the side into the world of the modern improv dance troupe the pillow project ( http : //www.pillowproject.org/ ) . also , at night this is the location of pittsburgh is freeride ( http : //freeridepgh.org/ ) program - a bike information and repair program which encourages people to learn how to fix old bike to make them new , even offering people a free bike to fix up if they volunteer a certain number of hour . it is also the home of the steel city big pour , a local beer tasting event , and probably a lot more that i do not even know about.construction junction is definitely a treasure trove , and not just for building supply , but for some of the coolest thing in pittsburgh
this is recycling central ... whether you are building a house more-or-less from scratch , remodeling a home , or into refinishing , you owe it to yourself to visit cj on a regular basis . this is where i found my front door ( with sidelight ) , a huge multi-pained window , and restorable old hutch - all of them with wavy glass ! - two pedestal sink , a stainless steel kitchen countertop with integral sink , a pair of exterior french door , lighting fixture , slate sidewalk stone ... . this place even ha recycled paint ! i used it on my basement wall 'cause it is inexpensive ( i needed five gallon ) . it look great and seems to hold up well , even under adverse condition .
you guy can not even imagine how much i love construction junction right now ! after trying to work with a few other group to pick up our old office furniture and having a heck of a time coordinating various logistical issue , the folk at construction junction made it so easy ! also , their guy did not even blink an eye when they saw how big/heavy these desk and table were and got them out of here in no time . i love construction junction !
this place is a hidden gem . you need to go . i often find myself wondering through cj finding random thing i can turn into artwork . although my visit are mostly for fun , cj offer a lot to those who are looking to reuse item they may need for their house . they have random awesome thing like basketball flooring and steel pipe , which made for a great new coffee table . the staff is extremely friendly and hard working and cj is dedicated to donation to charity and the community . i like to frequent this place every month . what a great find . check it out , if you know what is good for you .
i have been going to cj since it opened . i try to go once a week . i have received some good deal there , but in the past couple year , the price seem to be higher than they should be for used / overstock item . i find myself buying le item than i used to . i think if the price were more reasonable , they would sell more.a new `` reuse '' store ha opened in the area nearby . they have more reasonble price and thier building is heated .
dig , dig , dig and donate , donate , donate.you can find any and everything you could need/work with here . in fact , the desk i am typing this from is from cj and is in perfect condition ! the big pour doe not hurt either ; )
just got off the phone with a lady from construction junction . normally , i have had the best experience there . . . all have been very cooperative and helpful . but , i guess they are so successful that they are becoming arrogant . here is the rub : my hubby sent me a picture of a chandelier they had ; i did not see the picture until 30 minute later ; by then he had left the store . i called to buy the chandelier over the phone . this ha been done before ( we were construction junction junky ) . the lady adamantly refused to help me . she adamantly refuesed to even listen to a description of the fixture ! she gave the following excuse : '' well , if you have been here in the last 12 year , you know how this place work '' ; `` i can not go back there and try to find out what you want '' ; `` i am the only one on the floor '' ; `` this is first come , first serve '' ; `` if your husband come in and it is still here , then we will sell it to him '' `` how will i know which one it is - we have so many back there ... '' ... . i could hear the smirk in her voice a she enjoyed blowing me off . . . i even offered to send her the picture my husband sent me via email - she refused . keep in mind , i wanted to pay for the item . my husband can not go back to construction junction today . . . most likely the item will be gone . . . it would have been nice had this sale agent been more helpful - especially when it wa clear how badly i wanted to buy the fixture . she did not express any concern whatsoever for my request : ( like , so sorry , i can not help you at the moment , please call back and i will try to accomodate ; give me a brief description and i will try to find it ... etc . ) . sometimes , even if you can not accomodate someone , it is how you say it that make all the difference . construction junction will implode if it begin to treat it customer indifferently .
this place is so much fun and price are fantastic . i go in always with every intention to find a fabulous piece of furniture to bring my bedroom together . clearly it just ha not been donated yet , but i am not giving up ! i buy lot of `` shiny fun stuff '' to be all artsy-crafty with and i love it . the only thing i miss is the random paint they used to sell , now i know it all new paint container . i am sure it some legal mumbo jumbo , but it ok. definitely worth checking out !
this is a great place to buy re-purposed old window , office furniture , old industrial sink , old wood , door knob , electrical stuff and more for construction project . found a matching ikea office cabinet with one i had for only $ 20 . it wa originally $ 450 and ikea no longer made it so it wa a great find !
i am all for recycling / re-using/sustainability but a lot of the item in here are just ... junk / ugly crap that no one with any real aesthetic taste would want in their home.probably better for sourcing fixture for industrial / commercial space ...
this is a great place to find restoration piece for our old farmhouse . just make sure that you measure your doors/windows twice before going . we live about an hour and a half away , so it is important we have a list and measurement before we set out . i can not wait to return !
i have spent many hour wandering through construction junction . it is the type of place that you have to keep coming back to because you never know when you might find some treasure . they specialize in building surplus and reclaimed material , so they have everything from an entire back wall full of old door to full kitchen and a dozen toilet in different color . it is a great place to check out if you are remodeling your house or if you are interested in finding something funky you will never be able to find anywhere else . the staff here is also super helpful and there will always be someone around to help you get your new purchase out to your car . cj is also home to one of pittsburgh is recycling drop off center , so you can come here to sort out your commingled recyclables and then go shopping for a new mantle or some headless manequins . you really never know what you might find .
construction junction is one of my favorite place in the city . since i really like to make stuff , every time i walk through i get ton more idea . when i buy a house , i will be all over cj to get awesome furnishing i can refurbish to fill it and fix it up .
if you have anything which need to be recycled , this is your place . also a great spot to look for used household/construction item for refurbishing your old pittsburgh house . a neat concept , and worth checking out if you have not been here before .
i love this place . if you have a project that is on a budget or if you just want to go somewhere to get inspired to start a project than this is the place for you . they have everything here including the kitchen sink .
after week of oogling over the beautiful item posted on the facebook , i just had to come in and check it out for myself ! i love to diy and this is definitely the place for me . i almost felt like i wa in a dream . sink and cabinet and tile and chair and just whatever you could ever hope for ! i ended up getting 3 chair for an upholstering project . they do not carry fabric , but pointed me in the direction of a craft & diy store around the corner.everything is so neat and organized , i do not know how they do it . all item are also reasonably priced . the staff is also very friendly and helpful.all in all , this is definitely the spot for all of your diy and home need !
if you have got that talent to create something out of the unexpected , then you have to stop here.i wa looking for something unusual to use in my apartment for storage . i had stopped at several big box store around the city before here and left each one of them in disappointment . i must admit , driving to this place i wa a little skeptical . i pulled in and honestly thought that yelp directed me to a warehouse . but i did not let that deter me from venturing out of my car and into the building . once you walk inside it is like walking into someone is garage that you just want to rummage through . you know what i mean , you walk in and see all this dingy looking stuff that you see potential in . you want to take it home with you . sometimes you want to polish it up and make it look new , other time you want to let it be and let that distressed look shine through.i easily spent a hour in here just browsing the shelf . i saw potential in a lot of the item i saw lining their shelf . and i took a few item home with me . when i reached the register i wa truly floored by the price . when i say that , it is because it wa so low . i wa expecting to pay more , but i definitely came out of there with more money in my pocket than i needed to , but that is one sure fired way to make sure that a person return to your establishment .
12/1/13 got 3 bifold door for 25 buck , hard to find antique heater vent cover 10 , outdoor sensor light 4 , -- -- -- -- -- -- they have hard to find or odd size vintage/antique everything . floor trim , paint , staircase rail , bathroom sink , counter top , door , window , carpet tile $ 1 , tile back splash , furniture , misc hardware , door knob , hinge , some church pew bench large closet safe , front door , door knob , open 9-5 daily sunday 10-5 -- -- -- -off n braddock - past regent square on a side street
i love this place . i have come here for the odd bit and bob -- brass caster for a piece of antique furniture ( 25 cent each ) , vintage milk glass door knob ( $ 30 ) , wardrobe for a closet-less room ( $ 40 each ) , a set of four wooden chair ( $ 10 each ) , etc . if you buy something larger , they will hold it for a small fee and then the crew will load it into your truck for you . if you are into old house , reserve at least 30 minute to get through the whole store and you will not be disappointed .
if i had to describe it in two word : diy heaven . doe an acronym count a one word ? i am going to say it does.we had a place somewhat like this in my hometown , but it wa not nearly a massive or a interesting a construction junction . so many antique door knob and chandelier , window , cabinet , toilet , tub ! thing ripped off/out of old house , spare vending machine , cafeteria bench , even a pulpit . and everything wa so reasonable ! i found at least a dozen thing that i really wanted that were priced under $ 50 . shopping here really make me wish i owned a pick-up truck . if i did i would haul away window , chair , mantlepiece , desk , and file cabinet in mass quantity . then wonder where all this crap is gon na go in our tiny apartment ...
construction junction is an incredible experience ! just drive a block off penn ave in point breeze , pull into a fenced-in parking lot , and head toward a little door attached to a deserted-looking warehouse . the little door open into an old , dusty space filled with used home item . do not forget to check out the crazy piece of artwork suspended from the ceiling a you walk through ! the warehouse ha a range of item from treasure to no-one-would-ever-buy-this piece . today i saw : -fabulous 1960s desks-old scratched and/or locked filing cabinets-retail display cases-disassembled kitchen cabinet and countertop -ancient ( and very intriguing ) appliance -hundreds of toilet and bathroom sinks-random bathroom and kitchen tiles-carpet remnants-lots and lot of random chairs-light fixture varying in quality from brilliant chandelier to barely-operationalthe list just go on and on and on . take the oddness of this list and multiply it by 3 ... then you are getting close to imagining what construction junction is like . make sure to enter this store with zero expectation , no particular item to buy , and an empty home . sadly , my home is filled ( though i really wanted that 1960s desk ... ) , and i had an item to buy ( a filing cabinet ) . we left empty handed and drove straight to office depot , where i purchased a $ 90 ( v $ 25 here ) filing cabinet that wa not locked , had smooth-running drawer , and is not scratched up . even though i did not find what i needed today , i can not wait to return here in the future .
a a diy'er - this place is a sanctuary . i have been here quite a few time during the weekend .. if not to buy .. just to browse around . this place is huge and you can pretty much find anything . if you can not find something you are looking for - you can simply ask one of the cj personnel making round to make sure you have found what you are looking for.i wa looking for a bi fold door few week ago and found exactly what i wa looking for le than $ 15 . - you can find door a low a $ 5 and i am not talking dirty stained or broken door . besides used good - there are few new `` recycled '' item including plastic corrugated roof panel and paint for super low prices.also , if you are remodeling your house and need to throw those old material - they have a number of recycle bin where you can simply drop it off .
you never know what you are going to find . the paint is absolutely phenomenal ... wonderful money saver and decent selection of color . you can do great crafty project with their tile selection ( may not be enough to tile a large area but good for bathroom or mismatch ) . i bought an amazing new vanity there that would have cost me triple elsewhere . so fabulous !
this is a fun place , not just functional . what an eclectic mix of fixture like old door knob to bigger home improvement item , antique and some art . i think if andy warhol wa living he would love to see the big marilyn monroe artwork , the `` i love pittsburgh '' sign , the big fish art donated by a local artist , the mannequin displayed in around the hot tub ... .it is more than a place to find home improvement product . it is art . i never thought seeing so many color of toilet or toilet tank together ( many pastel ) would remind me of that . it definitely ha the feel and look of pittsburgh and from the mannequin display it show that the employee have personality plus !
i love this place ! you never know what your going to find ! they have all kind of thing , that are usually slavaged from a home or business . kitchen cabinet , table , mantel , window , door , ton of door ! if your some one who like to fix old thing or make new thing out of old stuff , you must go here ! i picked up an old dresser today for $ 10 it need the drawer fixed and to be refinished , but when it done it going to look beautiful ! they have old appliance , bathroom sink and toilet , lighting fixture , wood , paint , counter top , flooring material , some tile , etc. , etc . !
a great place all around whether you are looking to donate or buy something . if you are looking for an old door , tile or quirky part for a home project this is the place to go . i recently bought a new vanity and wa able to donate the cabinet portion ( do check the website for specific requirement on donation ) . they make it easy a you back your car up to the large warehouse door and a helpful worker will unload . do not forget your receipt for tax time ! i live 4 block away and often go to drop off recycling another great benefit of this place . they have large bin for many different recycling option from card board box to plastic . also this place is nonprofit and they have an amazing fundraiser every year in september called the big pour . $ 75 ticket get you all the beer and food you could want for 3 hour . best event in pittsburgh !
i love this place so much ! it make me want to redo the kitchen and bathroom floor in every apartment i rent with vintage tile . nowhere else in pittsburgh can you find recycled building material next to old furniture waiting to be given a new lease on life and mirror a large a an entire wall . construction junction is a treasure trove !
wa turned into this place by a coworker of my sister and so today we made the drive from warren , ohio to check it out . this place is a diy and repurposing type person dream come true ! from odds and end tile to cabinet , hardware and more this place just ha soooo much ! you truly need to give yourself time to look around when you go a they have so much . and if you like pinterest like i do ... give yourself even more time ! for today is adventure we had a specific task so we had to be what we call quick and dirty ! no time for strolling and browsing . we got in , went to our specific area and set to work scavenging . we got a bathroom vanity that only need a little work for 30 ! ! ! once we get it home and paint it , it will look great ! it wa just what we came for and at anamazing price ! we almost had a huge slab of quartz but it would not fit in the van -- not for lack of the gentleman trying though ! they gave it a very a valiant effort trying to make it work for u . and i truly can tell you that i have never seen anyone work so hard to make something fit . gerant and bennet you guy are the bomb ! thank you a thousand time over for all your hard effort ! ! ! we will be back ! !
i bought a 3 piece dorm set last week ( bed , chest , desk and i wa supposed to get a chair for the desk ) i did not have a truck when i bought it , so they would store it for a week for $ 5 . not bad . when i paid the guy behind the counter said they were bundling set in the back , that they were all pretty much the same and decent quality , like the one on the floor . great , thanks , fine with me . yesterday i rented a van to pick up my stuff . i had a surly , rude guy take my receipt , disappear for a while , then come back and wa really irritated that i had not moved my van . well you did not tell me to , and not sure how this process work . then what really set him off is that i wa there alone and he had to move my stuff . i am able to help move , i just could not do it alone . but he grabbed piece by piece and got it on the truck . at the end i said thank you and i got a final glare . getting the stuff home , it looked like they took the 3 most banged up piece and bundled them for me . not anything like the piece on the floor . i get it it is used , it is as-is , but did i have to get all 3 piece in that condition and also be made to feel like a piece of crap because i need help ? i try never to be that person who find issue with everything , but i left there feeling embarrassed and upset . i did not need to be treated that way , just thought you should know .
wow , well deserved 5 stars.i stopped in today to window shop a door ( lol ) i needed one for my bedroom and thought this would be the perfect spot after reading review . after entering , i realized how awesome it wa here ! ton of room door not to mention front door , storm door etc . i also seen a lot of toilet , sink fixture , cabinet , dresser and so many lighting fixture including beautiful chandelier . i have no idea where all of this stuff would have ended if it wa not for here , but i am so glad the we have a store like this in the city ! i am excited to bring my fiance here and pick out a door . out storm door could be replaced too . everything here wa soooooooo reasonably priced ! door under $ 25 , light fixture for $ 5 . love it !
we ended up here just to look around and it wa so much fun ! how awesome a resource this would be if you are working on a home improvement project . everything is very well organized and displayed . there is just so much to look at - because of this i believe it would be best to come in with a mission - i.e . i need a new sink for my kitchen . if you go in just to look it could get quite overwhelming ! we were with friend who were looking for a railing for their home and although they did not find anything i know they will go back again soon ! they have quite a bit of furniture on top of all kind of finish for both the interior and exterior of a space.tip : sign up for the weekly email that give you inventory update !
this place is always hit or miss , but i love it ! it can be full of great find or even a great place to donate to.they have a wide selection of old door and window that always seem to be lined up in the hallway . there is a back room that seems to always have every part of an old school . at the opposite end , all sort of bobble and finds.behind the counter you can find antique doorknob and such . on one visit there wa a giant box of leftover tile , which were all beautiful that i turned into accent coaster ! not only doe this place have a lot to offer , but it also encourages recycling with it big bin in the parking lot .
fascinating to browse the aisle . construction junction is a non-profit that recycles building material . they have doorknob , window , door , furniture , cabinet , even the kitchen sink ! plan to get lost in the trash and treasure . the merchandise change daily a new item are processed . price vary , i have seen some fabulous deals.this place is especially for you if you are a creative remodeler and enjoy antique . there are sometimes unusual object , such a church pew , it is hit and miss.hipster item abound , such a school lockers.enjoy looking around , the space is huge . also consider attending their fabulously successful fundraiser , the big pour , however the ticket sell out quickly .
dr. harvey block is a gentleman and a scholar ! i first came to know these guy after encountering the office manager linda at my place of work . after talking to her for a few minute and finding out where she worked i started to tell her of my recent woe with another dentist ... a botched filling , an infection , a great deal of pain and the need for a root canal . linda gave me the office is card and insisted that they would see me asap if i so desired . i did and it wa a great decision , because relief soon followed . i have never had an appointment with these guy that i have not found to be an enjoyable experience . ok ... i know that is saying a lot , due to the amount of poking and prodding and rather invasive metal hook and drill that we all associate with a dentist office , but i am serious . everyone in this office from the front desk , the hygienist and the good doctor himself , are all expert at what they do . the wait time are minimal . usually , le than ten minute . it is very rare that a doctor is office will respect the time of their patient in this fashion . there is always a courtesy call to remind you of your appointment a day or two in advance . the work is top notch + the location next to the co-op is a geographically desirable and a you can get.i could go on and on , but instead i am just going to close by saying , if you are looking for a dentist , you may have just stumbled upon the best one in the burgh.thanks doc !
after having my metal filling removed by another dentist who did not bother to take the precaution that , i now know , should be taken whenever that procedure is done , my husband and i resolved to find someone whose world view more closely resembled our own . someone who espouses a more naturalistic approach in dentistry , and who considers the entire individual when they prescribe and treat . we found that dentist in dr. block . he is truly invested in the well being of his patient and offer wonderful , all natural mouth and tooth care product . his staff is great too . i have , admittedly , good teeth , so visit to the dentist do not bother me , but i have never experienced pain or discomfort here , and he hire great dental hygienist . plus , he is a super nice guy . if you are looking for a dentist in the 'burgh , go here .
i hate going to the dentist . i dread it , it is awful . it is really important and is vital to your long term well being , however , and i do my best to suck it up . harvey is the best dentist that i have been to . he is a holistic practitioner . he is done a deep cleaning ( worst thing that i could ever imagine ) , ha removed and replaced my lead ( `` silver '' ) filling . this wa important to me and he did them with vacuum so that no trace amount would be ingested on my part . he introduced me to a terrific mouth wash that ha really made a difference in the health of my gum . you can tell he really care about me and my health and i really appreciate how thorough and conscientious he is .
this complex is chock full of all thing sportsy ... gymnastics , fencing , biking , and yeah , rock climbing ! ! it is nothing high tech and the first climb is $ 12 regardless of whether you are a student or a lady on lady night ( i wa both ) . this hike in price is so some guy can explain some basic rule to you for 3 minute ... what a deal . regardless , the rate are really reasonable ( although i have never been to a rock gym before so i could be way off ) . i climbed in the free fall area without rope . climbing course are marked by colored tape on the wall so you can climb according to your skill level . it is a great work out ... i can barely move my arm enough to type out this review .
very primitive bouldering area , but the route were challenging , in part due to the lack of a smearable surface ( plywood kinda painted to look like rock ) , mega shitty foothold ( jib worn down to shiny scummy nub that sorely needed cleaning or replacing ) , and a distinct lack of fall-friendliness ( one old mat to be shared among every 3 or 4 wall , and an unforgiving floor that thudded every time someone landed on it ) . not a bargain for a $ 12 day pas since the route did not seem to have been changed very often and all climb shared the same foot jib which looked practically permanent . the changing room wa literally a closet.all that griping aside , there were some decent climb . the v3 is were fairly easy but the v3/v4 is were exponentially harder . i wa able to do one v4/v5 , but my butt wa royally kicked on everything else . no ego boost here , and the masochist in me award 3 star to this old school climbing gym .
pros- ton of space and ton of gentle-ish climb for the beginner/novice/padawan . looots of v0 , vb , v1 , v2s ... i think the hardest i saw wa a v7 . i do not boulder much more than a v2 , and i found a lot of fun , challenging course . it wore me out , but i felt like a superstar . ( my local climbing gym is a lot harder . ) that wa great ! - they offer to play your music ! i always appreciate that in a gym . it is cool to hear other people is taste , it is cool to let my taste get some air , and indeed one tire of the alt 90 pandora station.- that said , i did feel some interpol-sounding pixie dust bewitch my ear drum . and i appreciate that . i always appreciate being able to rock out/feel cool while simultaneously lunging for the next hold.- $ 16 for a day pas and shoe wa not terrible . it wa not great , either , but it wa not terrible . ( and what is in between a pro and a con ? ) - easy parking.cons- a lot of the wall felt way too tall to be lacking a top rope . i will guess some of the tallest wall were 10 ft. - and , dude , falling 10 foot on a ( bouncy ) floor is still super dangerous , especially if you fall in between a tarzan lunge ( and thus , awkwardly ) . they had a few mat which were `` strategically positioned '' and thus could not be moved , but even with those under me , i did not feel so good . they felt little thicker than a down comforter . dude , come on ! i did not break my neck , but my muscle were all a-trembly , my hand slick with sweat , and it wa sheer terror that often kept me from lunging ( tarzan-style ) to the next hold . i had to give up on a few climb just because i did not feel safe ! and that is very lame . i would have felt a lot safer if the 6+ ft. wall were just top rope-able , or if they bought some bigger , thicker mat and let people drag them around . a free helmet is not gon na help much if you land on your shoulder ! - i saw a kid wandering around who looked adorable , pubescent and a little intimidated . it seemed like his first time . it broke my heart , 'cuz he seemed to have gotten frustrated after trying a few of the climb and not being able to get very far . i think he left after not very long . doe the gym offer kid class ? or one-on-one instruction , especially if the person is totally new and under 15 or something ? it just seemed like such a shame ; i will hate to have a kid get sour on climbing just because they had an awkward first time ! people need to be taught this stuff ! ( to an extent . ) - $ 2 for the privilege of chalk . seriously ? so , overall , i am happy to have found a decent wall for my visit to da burgh , but i do not know if i would be happy living with it a my only go-to .
the blonde woman who tun the gym wa extremely rude to u . first time we went she refused yo.get off the phone on a personal call to help u . then she gave u the rule for the bouldering area in a rapid bored monotone . compared to other climbing gym i have gone to this gym is le safe ( no gri-gri ) , unfriendly , and more expensive . definitely not worth it . worst customer service i have seen in a while .
this is the only bouldering facility within the city of pittsburgh and mostly i appreciate that we have one at all ! i do really enjoy going here and go at least once a week . i go mostly in the evening , where the crowd is primarily a young adult group and you rarely see children.i have been climbing a bit longer than i had been when i first wrote this review , but i still give it 3 star . if i could give it a 2.5 i might give it that.the bourldering room is pretty big and there are lot of route at a variety of level , distributed more of le so that each wall ha something for everyone . in the evening it get uncomfortably crowded , and ha gotten worse in the past few year a the sport ha seemed to get more and more popular . what get me the most is that in the 2 year or so that i have been going here , very little ha changed . meanwhile , i have been exploring gym all over the country that are expanding , have textured rather than plywood wall so you can actually smear , and have incorporated thing like yoga and weight room into their membership . why can not pittsburgh have that ? i hope one day the climbing wall will step up to try and become one of the more progressive gym you see on the west coast , or that someone else move a gym into the city that will up the ante.in the mean time , this place will do .
pittsburgh doe not really have it choice of indoor climbing wall , but i wa pretty impressed by this location ( though note , this review is just for bouldering ) . the bouldering area is huge , and on a saturday afternoon surprisingly empty with no need to wait for any route . it is labeled from v0 upwards ... although the floor is padded , the wall do go up pretty high ( the 10ft estimate from before is accurate ) , so a fall would be pretty scary ... they do give you an option to wear a helmet , but i saw nobody doing so.the route are all clearly marked , and difficulty seemed to correspond with rating - there are also a ton to choose from , so you will not get bored . one staff member in particular wa amazing - allen - who spent the time giving climbing tip and encouragement to whomever needed it . cost are also reasonable ( $ 12/day , + $ 3/shoes , $ 2/chalk ) , and it is located in a nice strip mall with the east end co-op nearby for food . overall , not a bad place to spend an afternoon !
i am giving this the ok rating , i am not an experienced climber but a beginner . the last climb i went out wa a real one in utah with my brother who got me all harnessed up only to instruct me to place my foot and hand level with my head and pull myself up . you can imagine how that went with my golden retriever feverish barking and running below instructing my brother to let me down lol.so for a beginner i found the price to be ok i went with a group and paid 16 $ for shoe rental and i guess climbing fee ? we stayed for about two hour . we went on a saturday it wa very crowded probably 15-30 people in the place but there are so many choice you can still get a wall . there were several beginner climb that are easy for anyone with a shred of upper body strength . then some v2 and v3 and v4 , the other beginner gal i wa climbing with found there wa a pretty big variation from the vb to v2 on some of the climb . so sometimes it wa better just not to follow the sticker completely if you are a beginner but still looking for variation while bouldering . i think safety-wise thing are bit of a liability here , wall are high , mat are very old and very few . also lot of people do not follow the basic rule including teenager who are there alone . so be cautious of your space an d others space and consider fatigue when getting to the top of those wall with your hand all sweaty . i also expected it to be a little larger based on the website photo , but i understand that this is pittsburgh not a city with room for a huge gym like out west . i also think if they were to build a bigger newer gym here with higher climb , then you would be looking at paying $ 25 and up . my biggest complaint is that you can only do lesson at certain time with a harness , this make it harder for beginner to get in and get a feel . i did complete one or two v7 or v8 . just to push myself but i would have had more fun if i had the support of a rope so the next time i go back i will consider class . which cost a little bit more but oh well . class time are limited check the website .
some helpful hint for the climbing wall : -a one-day pas is $ 12 . college students/active military pay $ 10 . wednesday is 1/2 price for lady ( but only after they pay full price on the first visit ) . wednesday is also 1/2 price for guy who wear a sport bra . yup , you heard me right . wednesday are usually pretty crowded.-they run a different membership special every month . if you climb more than once a week , a membership can definitely be worth it.-if it is your first time at the wall , i highly suggest just doing the `` bouldering certification '' instead of the `` safety and belay certification class . '' the bouldering certification take about 5 minute and then you can start climbing . decide if you like it , then do the belay certification.-if you `` like '' them on facebook , you can get update about when they change the route , what membership special they are running , if they are selling any old/used shoe for discounted price , etc . the wall is in a great location , on several bus route , and right next to the east end food co-op . it can get crowded , but everyone take turn so you have plenty of opportunity .
i love the climbing wall . there are ton of route which change fairly regularly in both the bouldering and top roping area . there is also a wide variety of difficulty level in the gym ranging from one everyone can do to those much more challenging . bouldering route are labeled from vb and v0 ( easiest ) all the way up to the insanely difficult v7 and v8 , while the top roping route are labeled from easy to hard . pricing is reasonable , especially on wednesday , which is lady night -- $ 6 to climb ( after your first visit ) . other day the price is $ 12 or $ 10 for students/military plus the cost of equipment rental . if you plan on going at least once a week ( or more often like me ) buying a membership is the way to go , and there are different special each month.sometimes the gym can get crowded ( especially on wednesday ) but there is lot of route and it is fun to take some time and meet other climber .
went to this place on a groupon and fell in love . it reminds me of the day when i lived in denver . i miss it ! the route are decently hard and allow me to push myself to get better . staff ha always been awesome . people there help give pointer . it doe get pretty crowded sometimes , especially on friday night . i will say they are almost in need of an expansion ! keep up the good work , climbing wall . i will be seeing you a lot for the next year : )
my boyfriend and i started climbing about 3 month ago and we love it ! tcw is an awesome place . all of the route are challenging and fun , but the bouldering one test your strength and technique , whereas the toproping one test your endurance and forethought . the staff is all very friendly but lauren and josh are especially fun to talk to and get pointer from . i highly recommend checking it out !
a a new climber i found the whole process intimidating , but the staff at the climbing wall helped me get on the right path . also , the regular here seemed very nice and always willing to help out a newbie . it is not very expensive either , 10 or 12 buck for a full day of bouldering is a very reasonable deal ( i have not seen many place which were cheaper ) . i am sure a lot of people , including myself , wish this place wa a little bigger , but for being in the city it is not a bad size . it is actually surprising how many route they managed to plan out for the size of the place , there is more than enough to keep the wall feeling fresh even after many climb . the diversity of the route is really great too , there is plenty of route for each skill level and climbing style . the overall experience wa wonderful : great staff , great people , and a great setup . tip : if you are a beginner without your own equipment , the shoe rental is worth the extra 3 or 4 buck .
it is a bit silly to review tcw , a it is basically the only game in town for rock climbing.that said , i have been climbing here at least twice a week for the last few month . it is not a large , and the wall are not a high-tech a other place i have climbed , but the setter make good use of what is available.both the bouldering and top-roping route seem to be re-set at just about the right rate -- there are always new-ish route , but the turnover is not so fast that one can not work on problem for a few successive visits.i would love to see the wall refreshed in a cement faux-rock style , with more flowing curve and le strict geometry . ( also , plywood is slippery ! make it hard to smear . )
the climbing wall is a advertised - a climbing wall . no extra ( no retail , no shower ) but a good spot to get your climb on when you are in pittsburgh . two entrance - one for top roping and the other for bouldering . i have only been bouldering and it is a good crowd . friendly staff will check you in ( newbie : you have to pay for a walkthrough to go over the rule of the wall that take around 5 min upfront ) and then after you sign away your life liabilities..it is you vs. the wall ! route are vb ( beginner ) through around v6 with a lot of option at all range . a bunch are also unmarked so go with that if you are into a challenge . the other climber are very friendly and will help you out.cubbies for your stuff , small room for you to change , bathroom , water fountain . ample parking if you are not there at high time after work.wednesdays are lady night : half off entrance fee ( $ 6 ) for woman and men who show up wearing a sport bra or lady tank top . also a good night to visit and watch men in lady tank tops..if that is your jam .
when i lived in pittsburgh , i used to climb here all the time . pretty cool vibe , cool stuff drawn on the wall , good climbing problem that were kept up to date . ton of great bouldering , which is what i am mainly into . i miss this place , wish there were more like it .
i like this place but the hour are inconvenient ( top roping doe not open until 5pm during the week ! ! ! ! ) i wish they would expand their hour . otherwise , they make a nice effort to change their route relatively often .
i went here on-and-off for about a year . it wa a great place to work-out and learn the basic of bouldering . the community felt safe -- always a space on the bike-rack , everyone left their backpack in the front area where the desk-staff could watch them , way-reasonable price for shoe and chalk rental . i particularly liked the tunnel and the top-outs , because they always required a bit more creativity to manage . that there were kid and couple and teenager with their parent and college student all using the same route made it feel more like a great community center than just another place to get exercise .
dirty slick hold . hate the fact i can not move mat . some problem were fun , some were awful . the staff is very unfriendly . unless you are part if the clique no one will talk to you .
sub-par setting quality , infrequent wall resetting , inconsistent grading , poor climate control , poor air quality ( no chalk filter ) , silly rule where they make everyone wear paper wristband before entry . + 1 star because they are finally installing air conditioning .
i have been climbing here for 2 year . membership is definitely worth it if you are planning on going frequently . i prefer to walk because parking is le than ideal and i live close by . the route in the bouldering area are fun and challenging , and they are reset at a good frequency . new hold and new mat have been purchased in the past year , so a lot of the comment i am seeing on here are outdated . this is definitely a better gym for bouldering than top roping . the top roping area is pretty small , but they work with what they have got . i have always found the staff to be friendly and knowledgeable .
pro : - at least there is a climbing gym in this area- wall get reset oftencons : - i have been coming here a couple time a week for the past few month now , and i have felt like some of the wall really need some padding besides the not-so-great spring board they have . the wall are pretty high and the height + lack of mat retract me from climbing certain route , which is really disappointing because it ruin my climbing experience . - i brought up the aforementioned lack of mat to the woman who work here , and she snapped at me : `` mat are only supposed to be under wall that are sloped . '' i told her the wall i wa talking about wa sloped , and she replied curtly `` if you do not feel comfortable climbing those wall without a mat , then you should not even be climbing them . '' i wa in shock . is this a way you should be addressing your climber ' legitimate concern ? even if it is not possible to have mat , she could have at least told me in a nicer way instead of talking to me a if i knew nothing . - the gym close at 11pm on friday . i usually go at night until they close , but the staff passive aggressively start turning off the gym light around 10:50pm . i get it , it is a friday night and you want to get outta here . but the business hour are until 11pm , so let me enjoy my last ten minute of climbing because i am paying for my climbing membership and i want to get a much climbing a i can get out of my session at the gym . - the hold are old and covered in rubber from the shoe . it would be nice if they could at least pressure wash them every once in a while . - the fee are unreasonable for the customer experience we get here .
worst climbing gym i have ever been to . customer service wa a joke . wall appears a if a boy scout went ham with a few sheet of plywood back in the 80 and then did nothing since then . hold are prehistoric and grimy . setting is subpar . insurance doe not allow for people who can not belay to be belayed ? better off climbing the outside of the building for a good pump..
the ventilation in the bouldering area is terrible . please install some chalk eater . people are inhaling ton of chalk into their lung and are going to get pneumoconiosis from climbing at your gym .
i wa home for the holiday and wanted to take some friend of mine climbing . they have never belayed and do not have equipment so my hope wa that we could go , i could test out of the belay class and we could top rope some easy climbs.dreams crushed . only people that are belay certified can even be in the top rope room . i would have had to pay $ 5 to test out of the certification and even if my friend wanted to take a quick lesson on how to belay , it only at very specific time and you need to give advanced notice.so we bouldered . the wall are old , made of smooth plywood and though the wall are a good variety , you eventually end up right on top of one another . you can only top out on one tiny section , everything else back right up to another wall or and abyss . with someone who is not super comfortable down climbing or jumping from the top , i wa not always super excited to fall when there wa not a nice big cushion . those were only on the overhanging walls.the place wa super busy on a sunday afternoon and group after group rolled in . i understood why there were so many vb and vb+ route ( easier than v0 is ) .side note : cubby are completely separate from the bouldering area and no food or drink are allowed inside the bouldering area . therefore your water stay in your cubby , plan carefully.i expected better from pittsburgh and heard that there is a new gym coming , so i will be waiting for that one before i try to climb again in da burgh .
there are some really good thing to say about the climbing wall , but overall i wa quite disappointed . i wanted to like this place , so i will start with the positive aspect . first of all , the gym in pretty cheap . and the bouldering area is really quite good . to be honest , this should only be a bouldering gym . there were a lot of different volume , nice route , some top out , and a good cave area . even a small crack with a few problem set on it . it seems like whoever is in charge of setting the boulder problem really ha some talent . i might be back to bolder once in a blue moon . the other climber here were pretty cool , so the place might have a good vibe/community aspect . now the downside . the staff wa not very helpful . the rule regarding the top rope area are nonsensical , and the only reasoning offered up wa insurance . i wanted to belay for a friend , but he wa not allowed in the top rope area unless belay tested . belay testing also cost $ 5 , and i hate when gym charge for a test . it is poor form . the rope are not doubled up , and with the short wall it give way too much pull . they require you to clip into daisy chain on the ground . i wanted to lead climb , but there wa no one at the gym that could give a lead test . the tr route were really hit or miss , a lot of them just confusing and not fun . they are not rated properly , just easy , medium , or hard . the wall are painted plywood , so smearing is basically impossible . further , i question if the hold have ever been cleaned . some of them are so polished to the point that it is dangerous . there is only once changing room , and overall the place is not very clean . i believe there is some potential here , but it seems to be mismanaged and on the whole , a missed opportunity .
i had the pleasure of bringing a group of 15 young girl to the climbing wall recently . i had never climbed before , and neither had the girl , so i can not comment much on the style or quality of the wall . but , the service we received wa extraordinary and deserves 5 star ! we had 3 belayers and another gentleman to keep the rotation going smoothly . we started by numbering off , to keep track of everyone . but , by the end of our time , the employee new each of the girl name ! they were cheering every girl on and helping them to find the right hold . it wa a very personal experience and the girl loved it ! i found the experience to be affordable , friendly , and safe . i wa never concerned about the safety of any one . if you are looking for a creative group activity or birthday party , i highly recommend the climbing wall !
wanted to leave an updated review for this place . my first review wa too critical . this is a gym in pittsburgh and you need to set your expectation accordingly . this gym cant go toe to toe with world class gym like planet granite in sf or seattle bouldering project in washington , but given the size of the climbing community at pittsburgh , this gym is pretty damn good . you can tell they are trying . they have made renovation to improve the gym and improved their setting quality and frequency . all in all , well done and keep up the good work .
first of all , the climbing wall ha very helpful and knowledgeable staff who are eager to teach newcomer like myself . some rock gym i have been to are very elitist in that you feel like you are the one left out of some inner club , not this place . they are all about getting you interested and involved with climbing and the climbing community . the wall them self are great with the perfect range of easy to challenging wall . they also change route frequent enough to never get bored . pricing is also very good ( especially if you are a student ) .
admittedly , i am spoiled a i have been in denver for the past 6 year where we have many climbing gym to choose from . so my opinion is a little biased . if you are into bouldering , the climbing wall is awesome . there is a huge bouldering room with ton of problem . bouldering , though , is not my jam . i love climbing . the climbing space is much smaller than bouldering and , compared to the gym in colorado , much shorter route ( 5-8 move to the top , 15-30 ft ) . there are ~30-40 route that are changed regularly ; rating of these route are easy+/- ( 5.5-5.7 ) , mod+/- ( 5.8-5.9 ) , and hard+/- ( 5.10+ ) . can not be too disappointed , though , because i wa actually pleasantly surprised there wa even a climbing gym here !
great spot . it is pretty cheap for a day pas , and shoe rental are also reasonable ( i am not a seasoned climber , just fun to do once in awhile ) . the employee are friendly and explain everything really well to first-timers . they change up the pattern seasonally , so it is been different every time i have gone . it is definitely an awesome place to go on a rainy day and sneak in a good workout without realizing it ( until the next day , ouch ) .the only drawback , which is not the establishment is fault , is sometimes the more serious group of climber will monopolize entire wall at a time . not cool , man . but that happens everywhere ; some people are just asshole .
i bought the groupon with a friend and we were both pleasantly surprised . friendly , informative staff , even the clientele are friendly and insightful , almost light going to a friendly gym .
really , really , really liked this place . unfortunately only went bouldering so i can not rate the top roping.i will start with the reason why i could not give it a full 5 star : a lot of the hold are pretty greasy . rather than using color coordinated hold , they are marked off by tape pattern - but a lot of the route have been there for a while so the tape is peeling off for half of them and/or 5 different route overlap every hold so it is pretty confusing often time . lastly , the floor is fairly stiff , kinda like a gymnastics tumbling floor and there is not enough crash padding to cover the whole floor . lastly , the wall themselves are wood , rather than traditional bouldering wall that you can smear on.that seems like a lot to improve on ... so why still such a high rating ? simply put , route creativity . all sort of wall : straight , overhang of all angle and curve , 360 degree traversing route , crack , one through a low tunnel , chimney , etc . there are some really clever route that really make you think how to do them . i loved the route here and wish i had more than a day in pittsburgh to come back.price wise , a little cheaper than other bouldering gym i have been to . $ 14 for a typical admission , with reduced rate on return for some people ( like student ) . they have a `` lady night '' that men can also get in to if they were a sport bra a a top . mildly sexist , but hey , it is all in good fun and the discount is extended to u so *shrug*but anyway , loved this place . would come back without hesitation .
service wa okay , at best . i would not go there again . they quoted me at thousand of dollar of repair for my car to pas inspection . i took it somewhere else and had it done for a fraction of the quote .
do not go . i got more problem and sound on my car after i spent $ 800 there . unbelievable !
not sure why the negative review on here ? i went there for brake and got a great deal . they squeezed me in on short notice too since i wa going out of town . i will be going back for more work -- the guy here are great .
i needed a new flex pipe welded . meineke took care of it quickly and for cheap ( after a different mechanic said what the fair price wa ) .
what a great place ! mark is amazing ! we had been at another car repair shop and took it to mark because he wa close by about 1 year ago and have not left . he is awesome ! always get u in and they do excellent work at excellent price . we will be with him for a very long time . thanks to mark and isaac ... consummate professional who really care ! !
been here a couple time , and they are always really helpful . they always give me a fair deal , and i am always able to get my car in on short notice . thanks so much for the awesome job !
they told me that they charge 100 dollar a hour . they worked for 10 minute and would not give my key unless i paid them 107 dollar . the second time i went there i went for a minor repair and when i left my car wa making a horrible noise and they completely denied it . they would not say they did it . i took it to another auto shop and it wa a bent in brake caliber completely rubbing and damaging other part . it ended up costing over 300 dollars.the son is a scam artist .
cafe zinho wa on my list of thing to do before leaving pittsburgh . but who knew it wa closed for lunch in may ? i eventually came here with my parent ( who are not accustomed to non-chinese establishment ) . arriving at 5:30 pm , we still were able to get a table without any prior reservation . the host wa the owner of the restaurant and gave a personal touch to the service.the decor and environment gave cafe zinho a nice off-the-beaten path look . gypsy and bohemian.food wa superb . i had the quail , but wa not given the appropriate utensil to eat it . my mom loved the lamb . and of course , the dessert wa fabulous . since the kitchen is right now nearby , you can see the cook making your meal or dessert.this place only accepts cash although there is an atm nearby . my mom had a fit because when they bill came they had rounded up with a difference of le than a dollar . i would give this place 4.5 star , but i rounded up .
this ha been my favorite restaurant for several year , and the one we go to the most often . my partner say they make the best scallop in pgh . i will never forget the stuffed zucchini blossom : lovely ! monique is a gracious hostess . the restaurant used to be a garage -- check out the ceiling . love it when they open the wall in the summer . cash only . byob . just off ellsworth . do not know if they treat everyone like family , but that is how they treat u . highly recommended . ( 10/20/13 although the food stayed consistently good it is not quite the same now that hostess monique is gone . )
very trendy cool out of the way place that i definitely suggest you check out . this is a tony pais restaurant , he owns another more formal place downtown but i forget the name . he used to own baum vivant on baum blvd . this wa a great place . the last i wa there wa 7 or 8 year ago . it wa total formal fuu fuu fine dining , but what an experience . anyways , it is gone now and i have not been to one of his place since until last night when a friend suggested we try this little oasis located on spahr st . this place is the opposite with respect to atmosphere than baum vivant . it is in a converted garage with a few outdoor table . it is cash only and byob . it is very informal and i got away with wearing tennis shoe and my `` super size my foie gras '' fruit of the loom t-shirt . do not need to get dressed up to enjoy amazing food . the inside of the restaurant/garage ha a high ceiling and an eclectic mix of non-matching table that i imagine were collected from thrift store . the service wa awesome , spot on from start to finish . the lovely european woman who served and hosted had big smile and a genuine appreciation when we said we liked the food . the meal started with some warm roll that they may cook on site . it wa served with ice cold butter . that is fine , but let is get a little more creative people on the butter , dip with the bread . the first course wa this amazing artichoke soup . this literally is the best soup i have tried since i can remember and i eat out all the time . the flavor wa layored with the cream , maybe nutmeg , maybe spinach , and also what tasted to me like a shellfish broth . it wa a very complex flavor . amazing ! next wa a goat cheese dish served inside of phyllo dough . it wa tasty , but a little too rich for my taste . the inside of the dough had apricot mixed with the goat cheese and the sauce wa some type of combination of walnut and apple pureed ' . interesting , but did not add too much to the dish . also , we tried a smoked salmon appetizer served on crouton with caper . it wa perfect and i really like their portion here . they do not try to kill you with the size of the dish . my friend ordered the crabcakes , which were two small mostly lump crabmeat portion . they were delicious served with a mushroom cream sauce . the rice that wa served with the crabcakes were another story , totally tasteless and not seasoned well . the rice wa also a liitle mushy . i tried the elysian field lamb burger . i had never seen an elysian field lamb burger , so i thought i will give it a try . it wa a decent portion ( 4 oz . i will guess ) at a reasonable price $ 11 . i didnt ' really get to tell the difference between regular lamb and elysian because they overcooked the burger to well done and it lost much of the flavor . overall , i will stick to tessaro is for my burger . we finished with a chocolate mousse , which wa okay but i thought too heavy for a mousse . i got out of here with a $ 65 + tax bill for all this amazing food . what is even better is that because it is byob i probably saved $ 30 for the bottle of wine a well . i really like the fact i can have interesting food , relatively cheap in a casual atmosphere . one last thing , they do not have ac so you may want to pick a cooler night if you plan on sitting indoors . they also say they do not take reservation on the menu , but we were able to make a reservation on sunday for monday for two people .
i enjoyed this place , but wa not completely wowed . i wa told that it is portuguese , but i am not seeing what is so portuguese about it . certainly a good continental restaurant , by any mean . i liked the atmosphere , and the service wa good . and the food wa good too . but for the price , i did not think the food wa that great . i will come again , but it will not be because i am the one suggesting it .
the food at cafe zinho is fun , creative , and always spot on delicious . while the menu change often , one of my favorite ha always been the lamburger , cooked to perfection ! desert by becky are always excellent . and who would have thought such excellent food would be served out of a redecorated garage ? ( it is lovely in the summer when they open the garage door . ) the ambiance can be described a funky and eclectic , and actually quite lovely . it is a byob which is great if you want to save a buck or have a great bottle of wine in your cellar .
interesting menu with a lot of thing we will like to go back and try . we started with the zinho salad that i highly recommend.for entree , i had a grouper filet with a cucumber mint sauce and a cous cous . it wa a subtle dish but very fresh and tasty . my girlfriend had a chicken dish in a great red pepper sauce . the entree come with these nicely grilled vegetable -- everything taste really fresh.the tres leche cake is incredible ! great artsy atmosphere with friendly staff . like previous reviewer have said , it is eclectic but not over the top , and it ha a warm and personal vibe . the owner gave u wine . : )
i definitely got the best service of the restaurant on ellsworth from this restaurant , and they also offer the best food for the price . the menu is creative and dinner ( soup , salad and salmon ) were delicious , but there is nothing that portugese about this place ( except the decor and a very sweet older lady hostess who may in fact be portugese ) . in fact , i think it would be considered a national security threat in portugal to have a place that serf dinner not serve wine . the government of this state is partly to blame though . since when did pa become goddamn utah ? ! but rendell is got ta get his cut i guess ... anyway , the place is small and intimate , one server handle the floor . minus point for the lack of alcohol , and frozen butter with the bread , but this restaurant is a neighborhood gem .
cute small restaurant with old world decor and concrete wall . the food is very good . we enjoyed the atmosphere . we tried the curry shrimp , which wa extraordinary . i wa not expecting it to be that delicious , and i would recommend it to anyone . the bread wa fresh and very tasty . they had the white anchovy tower special appetizer with anchovy , tomato in olive oil . this wa also excellent , and reasonably creative . the calamari appetizer had plenty of calamari and wa very good.the zinho salad wa just ok , which wa our single disappointment . on the plus side , it had artichoke and heart of palm . on the downside , we could have prepared it at home easily ; the olive were from a can and tasted bland . all in all , great food minus the salad in a cozy place . the restaurant is byob , but we were lucky to have bought a bottle of wine from the wine & spirit store off s. highland ave . they do not take credit card , but they said they had an atm closeby .
ok , so i admit that i wa underwhelmed by cafe zinho when i first went , a few year ago . and then i did not go for a long time . a few month back , my husband and i randomly decided to give it another try , and boy am i glad we did ! it is fantastic , and ha quickly become part of our regular line up.i will say again that i am not certain how the food is portuguese . that being said , it is mighty delicious . i love the personal service . i love the corn bread . the starter are phenomenal , to the point where i sometimes think that the entree are superfluous . but when we get them , they are lovely too . i love the ambiance . in short , i owe cafe zinho an apology .
this is the kind of restaurant that i deeply appreciate . family-owned . off the main road . charming interior . unique staff . wonderful food . ( we called this our `` less-expensive casbah '' when we left ) .like everywhere we end up going , we go because a yelp review we have read , that inspired u to give it a try . we new it wa byob , but we were not in the mood for drinking , so we walked on over . it wa our own fault that we got there , at 5:00pm , on the dot - and they were not quite ready to be opened , a they were finishing setting up the table . my boyfriend and i took a quick walk around ellsworth . it is a family-owned business where they turned their front garage into the most charming , artsy-like , romantic restaurant . we will cut them some slack ! when we got back , they were ready for u ; and we chose to snag a table outside ( they thought we were nut ) . however , in one of the review , we read that they had no a/c , which wa a big selling point for u ( i absolutely loathe going into a freezing cold , a/c will out restaurant , and being forced to bring a hoodie with me , when it is 90+ outside . and we do kind of like hot , humid , and muggy ) ; but , i guess they have upgraded because the a/c wa blasting on the inside of the restaurant.we started off with the gazpacho . this wa a perfect summer starter because it wa cool , extremely flavorful , and a natural air conditioner to the body . it had lump of shrimp and crab meat at the bottom , which made u feel like we were eating somewhere on duval st. in key west . i normally do not like cilantro , but the cilantro wa so subtle and completely rounded out the flavor . when our waitress brought out the freshly baked loaf of corn bread , we sopped up the rest of it . it is true , the wait staff genuinely appreciates your compliment and feel honored every time you say you enjoyed something.i ordered the wild mushroom ravioli and my boyfriend ordered the lamb burger . when our dish came out , they were the most beautiful dish i had ever seen - full of color , wonderful portion sizing , and aroma just attacking the olfactory with sensational goodness . my ravs were topped with this grape tomato paquillo sauce , which tasted like it had hint of red pepper also . it wa fantastic . plus , there were whole mushroom , okra , carrot , and cauliflower on top of the dish a well . i do not know what kind of separate seasoning were on the veggie , but they were to-die-for also . i can not exactly remember how many ravs were in my bowl , but every time i thought i wa finished , there wa another ravioli to be found , and then another . for the price - i think there were a total of 10 fully-stuffed , hand-made mushroom ravs . incredible.my boyfriend is lamb burger came with a cranberry and raisin jam ( but `` jam '' seems to cliché of a word for this topping ) , and a salad that had slice of apple in it . now i am usually not one to eat sweeter tasting food ; however , the complementing of sweet and savory in this dish blew my mind . i am also not a big fruit eater ( unless it is blended in a smoothie ) , but i totally got past all that because the flavor and the texture all are playing nicely with one another.we opted out of dessert because we were so stuffed . but our bill for an appetizer and two filling , insanely delicious entree came to $ 40 . ding ding ding ding ding ! we have found a winner ! after dinner the owner came over to our table and we were introduced . what a wonderful , sweet , and genuine older guy . we will definitely be back before the menu change again ; and next time , we are going for entree and dessert ! ! one last thing - it is a cash only restaurant , but they do have an atm on-site .
my wife and i have been here a number of time and it is gotten better each time . some tip : - stick with the appetizer . every one we have had is fantastic . the entree are fine , but nothing special . the apps , on the other hand , are truly first rate.- eat a much of their bread a your stomach will let you . holy crap it is good ! - it is byo , so make sure to bring your favorite bottle of wine.- on a nice day , inside , but by the big window/door to the left . it let is in a nice breeze and make the meal fantastic.try this place , you will not regret it .
lamb burger wa outright bad ( tasted off and charred ) . we shared and together only ate half . the filet wa decent but not $ 25 worth of decent . waiter wa kind and the ambience is romantic but at the end of the day the food just wa not that good . there are lot of great byo is in the city and in my opinion , this is not one of them .
great food ! the meal start off with their corn bread ( not like the corn bread you get in the south ) , which is delicious . we have gotten a variety of entree , including a delicious salmon dish , a quail special , and the lamb burger , all of which were delicious . the restaurant is byob , which make up for the entree cost . i highly recommend a great meal in a small , unassuming location .
i have eaten here once after having it suggested by numerous people , i wa totally disappointed with the service , food , and the place itself , i will not be headed back ... ... eversave your money , or starve either would be a better option
well this wa unexpected ! after passing by cafe zinho for year and year i finally hopped into a hidden portuguese oasis . who knew the little hole in the wall near my old hair salon had such good food ? ! my friend and i had known long about it , but last night we were in need of a byob ( $ 5 corkage ) and found much more than that . we started with two appetizer . ( a very good tip from a fellow yelper ! ) one friend is majorly allergic to gluten and our fabulous waiter more than accommodated her question and request with patience . we all shared some kind of rice stuffed pepper that wa moist and exploding with flavor , i forget the name ... but definitely a must-have . we also were excited to try the pan-sauteed ( not fried ) calamari . i am not a huge fried calamari fan , but this wa swimming in olive oil and fresh herb ... it wa a lovely delight away from a typically americanized version . we also ordered the tomato bisque and the soup of the day . these were insane ! the best soup i have ever had out . the soup of the day wa a roasted creamy mushroom soup and i almost licked my bowl clean . the flavor were outstanding and we all could not decide which soup wa better . make sure to definitely soak everything up with their delicious table bread that seemed to have just come out of the oven every time they replenished our basket ! something worth passing is yes , the salad ... they are just okay . but my friend raved about their pork and i will not forget the visual of my friend picking up the bone to lick it clean while our waiter just laughed at u ! : ) best part of the story ? well , the food take a lonnggg time to come out , ( warning , but probably because it is so fresh ! ) after finishing our bottle , our neighboring diner also took advantage of the byob but seemed to have left half of theirs when they were done ! so after a silly little dare , we became the table of three that snuck 3 large pours of wine and placed it back on their table ! hey ! who wa going to drink it anyways ? ! the little portuguese owner came over and wa sincerely shocked at how the wine bottle wa empty ... she asked , `` did you three drink this ? '' we giggled and my friend is boyfriend said , `` yes . '' she smiled , and let u have our moment . we left a big tip . she obviously did not mind . and it is place like this that make me miss home !
i have been to cafe zinho at least 25 time and i am sure to go back again soon . the dining room is a funky garage space that ha been converted into an eclectic europen bistro . the food is very good and the atmosphere is relaxed and bohemian . the puff pastry appetizer is always a winner . the chef , tony pais , is portuguese , but there are a lot of element of french cuisine in his cooking . he used to own cafe zao and baum vivant , both well regarded restaurant , but i find the food is much more reasonable at zinho . there is a few table outside , and i find it enjoyable to choose those table on a warm day .
cool atmosphere , decent food - and love byob ! entree were not out of this world , but would recommend the goat cheese appetizer , it wa my favorite thing of the night .
spectacular byob , do not miss it ! superb french / mediterranean inspired delicious food that is a adventurous , approachable and good value . the place could not be cozier and service is always stellar . we have been to zinho probably 15 time and the experience is consistent , the staff is welcoming , the food is top notch . call ahead because there can be a wait and the place is small and intimate and diner enjoy european style eating that is not rushed , so plan ahead . do not forget your favorite bottle ( or bottle ) of wine and be sure to share a glass with your server .
went here for a private party : it wa lovely.the owner and staff made this whole experience . it wa a private birthday party and byo . the staff made it fun and easy for use to relax and celebrate and the food wa fantastic . we had a bit of a limited menu but everything that i ate wa great . 5 star !
we stopped by for the first time on a cold friday night around 9:30 . we made sure to have reservation , a the place is pretty small . it is byob and we did not bring our own wine because we were not in a drinking mood , but once we sat down we realized this wa the kind of place where you needed a bottle of wine . the decor is like an slightly charming mess of old furniture , clean table clothes , and scarf draped over the window of the converted garage . we sat right by the door and right under the old dresser that the owner stand at . the food wa good . we ordered the tomato garlic bisque , which wa delicious . the stuffed pepper with crab and goat cheese were tasty , but the plate wa super hot and the pepper were cold , so that wa a bit off . for main course we ordered the salmon and the lobster ravioli . the salmon wa great . it w cooked well and had a dill cream sauce on it . it wa supposed to be served with risotto , but instead came with a dried cake of old creamy looking rice . i ignored that and ate the steamed and grilled veggie they used to garnish the plate . the lobster ravioli wa amazing , but instead of coming in it is own sauce , they simply poured on the tomato garlic bisque that we had already ordered a a first course . after reading mixed review about this place , i wa pleasantly surprised , this place wa a hot mess with slightly cold food , but i really liked it .
the adjective that come to mind when i think of cafe zinho are cute , quaint , cozy and in a random area . i do not think i would have stumbled upon this place just upon chance . i made a reservation for three on a tuesday night at 7 . my two friend were already there and then ... there wa just me in the restaurant , which scared me a little bit but i have to have faith in my fellow yelpers . the waitress wa an adorable woman who wa so friendly , helpful and enthusiastic about the dish in a quiet manner . you just wanted to pinch her cheek or something . anyway she gave u some bread which wa sweet , unlike many of the other restaurant bread that i have had , which i enjoyed . we ordered the goat cheese for an appetizer which wa just so ooey and gooey deliciousness and then for the piece de resistance ordered the sea bass special that night which had caper , a potato , rice and some roasted vegetable . great light combination and not too heavy . the size of the sea bass wa like of the entire whole fish . to top it off we had the rice pudding dessert which wa similar to flan but i thought this wa so tasty . i kind of want one right now a i am typing this review.i am so glad i went to cafe zinho finally and would happily come back here again .
cafe zinho is a quaint little spot tucked away in the hidden corner of shadyside.i have driven by it many time without even realizing it wa a restaurant . thankfully , my more knowledgeable girlfriend recommended checking it out , a she had to buy me dinner . cruel world , i know.we were able to get an early reservation on a saturday , pick up a bottle of wine ( a must ! ) and make it relatively on time . intimate is precisely the word i would use to describe this living room dining experience . the waitress are what you would want your host mom to be like from a foreign country , and splendidly cheery.we ordered two apps , both delicious . they also served some impeccable cornbread a well . the first app wa a pastry sort of thing covered in goat cheese , that wa worthy of plate licking , had it been socially acceptable . the second wa a batch of clam in a fragrant tomato sauce ( the sauce also went well on the goat cheese pastry ) . most of the time when i order clam , they are far too fishy , but these were perfect.the lady friend ordered the special , a quail dish , while i ordered lamb osobuco . the portion were very generous , and you could easily see the care and prep that went into each individual dish . i must say , the quail wa divine . i ended up super jealous and contemplated tricking the gf to turn around so i could switch plate while she wa distracted . it wa a mixture of sweet and layered with spice , the meat juicy and rich . the lamb wa textured and cooked very well , however it seemed to lack a distinctive flavor to bring out the quality of the meat itself . perhaps more garlic or such.either way , i will return , maybe with some portuguese phrase in hand to banter with my adopted foreign mom/waitress .
atmosphere and service wa great . appitizers were good . for dinner we ate the pork tenderloin and a ravioli of some sort . both tasted good with the pork tenderlion being the best .
visiting from ny , we actually found this highly-rated restaurant on yelp ... and we were certainly not disappointed ! it is situated on a nice residential block near a large liquor store ( byob ) . the ambiance is fantastic and the staff are warm , friendly and attentive . we were seated in the private back room because no other table were available . a real vip treatment . for starter , the goat cheese pastry and smoked salmon appetizer were to die for . many of the others sounded great too . our daughter , who is at college here , wa missing some of the food option of ny . not any more . she had the lamb burger with feta cheese . i had the seafood stew and my wife had chilean sea bass . all fantastic ! thankfully we had just enough room for tres lech dessert . if anyone know of a portuguese restaurant this good in nyc ... or even in newark ironbound i will love to hear about it . we will definitely be back !
shopping at whole food this afternoon made u hungry and a we had no plan for dinner , my wife thought of cafe zinho , which is nearby . i called and they said they were quite busy but if i could get there quickly , they had an open table for u . before hanging up they reminded me to bring a bottle of wine if i wanted one . we made a quick stop at the nearby wine and spirit shoppe , bought a spanish red , and showed up at cafe zinho . they offered u the choice of two table and immediately opened our wine , and brought over two nice stem . the waiter gave u menu , described the daily special and gave u time to mull it over . we both ordered the soup of the day , a pumpkin bisque , my wife just ordered their zhino side salad a her entree , and i chose a lamb burger ( not elysian field lamb , i asked ) . our waiter brought u a basket of what i suspect to be portuguese bread . it had a delicious sweetness . our soup came out fairly quickly . the bowl held a hearty serving of the delicious ( and filling ) cream soup . after clearing our empty bowl our waiter bought out our entree . my wife is side salad wa large , a side salad go . she wa quite pleased with it . it had baby green , tomato , olive , heart & reduced red wine vinaigrette . i had a taste and agreed with her assessment . my lamb burger wa huge ! it wa at least an inch thick and wa topped with feta and fruit chutney . it came with a salad that filled any remaining space on the plate not taken up by the burger . note to self- do not order a salad if you are going to order the lamb burger ! i ordered the burger cooked medium-well , even though the waiter sort of tried to talk me into medium . it came out just the way i wanted it , with just a hint of pink in the middle , and full of delicious juice . my wife agreed that it wa extremely yummy ! i cut the burger in half and managed to eat one of the half along with about half the salad before i ran out of room . my wife made it about halfway thru her salad by then , and she too gave up . we asked for doggie bag and our waiter packed our meal up in container and put them in a plastic bag for u . it wa a very nice meal and dining experience . we noticed that the hostess greeted most people who came thru he door by name . obviously there are a large group of regular who dine here often.pros : byob , tasty food , reasonable noise level , outdoor sidewalk dining is available seasonally , friendly and attentive service ( if a bit unpolished ) .cons : ambience ( it originally wa a gas station ) and there is nothing fancy about the funky decor , table are packed every which way into the available interior space .
i wa underwhelmed with our dining experience . we are just learning portuguese for an upcoming trip to brazil and were excited about the option of using some of the vocab we had learned.menu wa somewhat limited , although we did not try any starter which many of the other review state are the best offering on the menu . i ordered the seafood stew and my husband had the chicken dish . the stew had seafood : clam , mussel , shrimp , scallop , and some type of summer sausage , but not much else . the broth wa oily . my husband is chicken wa prepared adequately ; however the rice it wa paired with wa extremely underdone while the veggie were over-cooked and mushy . i might go back once more with a bottle of wine for appetizer only but for the price i will dine on entree elsewhere .
moved to pittsburgh from philly a year ago . our standard for restaurant is `` if it were in philly would be go back . '' the answer for cafe zinho is yes . one of the only excellent restaurant in the city ( along with salt and dish ) . if you find the big burrito empire restaurant and their coy cat lackluster and are looking for something outstanding , go here . cozy , byo and excellent food , particularly if you go with the portuguese item on the menu . our faves were the sardine to start and the fish stew for a main ( omg good ) . okay , in philly i would give this four start but for pittsburgh , 5 .
fantastic cozy & artistic & foreign ambiance . good food . great decor . ( for the record , i tried my first liver here - which i thought would be pate , but wa not - to my hidden horror . i ate a bite - in front of my client & colleague - for good measure [ and to hide my naievete ] , but they eventually noticed i wa not eating it . i politely , humbly explained my mistake , and they respected me for trying something new . of course my client then told me about blood tofu , which wa a bit shocking , but i firmly believe in expanding one is own mind and perception of the world and all it culture , so i appreciated his sharing . adding this experience to that of eating bone marrow here at pulpo in d.c . )
my boyfriend and i have gone two year in a row for valentine is day to this quaint and intimate restaurant . the decor is beautiful and the epitome of cozy , and the waitress are welcoming and pleasant to talk to . on top if all of that , the food wa absolutely delicious . if you have the chance , get their duck , it wa perfectly spiced and cooked . just bring your favorite bottle of wine with , and you have the making of a romantic and pleasantly not wallet-breaking night out .
this place is categorized a `` portugese '' , but i thought the menu wa more `` mediterranian '' than anything else . bacalhau ( dried salted fish - the national dish of portugal ) wa nowhere on the menu ; which is just fine by me ! the restauarnt ha an eclectic decor and a nice setting . the only tough part is parking in shadyside ... but on this night , i managed to get a spot right in front of the restaurant.for dinner , i had lobster ravioli ( a special ) and my date had mushroom ravioli . both were outstanding . peering around at other table , i saw several other delectable creation that i would like to return and try . the peri peri chicken looked quite good.this another of the local byob restauarnts , which make me happy . we brought a nice bottle of pinot noir , which always help to make the dining experience more pleasurable.this is an excellent find ... i will be back . soon .
most of the review we read called this place `` comfy '' or `` quaint , '' which translates into `` a very small restaurant . '' it seems that the small size of the place ensures that every meal is attentively prepared because our food came out perfectly executed.my husband had a crab and salmon tartar appetizer , while , simply from reading review , i walked in knowing what i wanted : goat cheese in puff pastry swimming in a shallow dish of creamy asian pear sauce . i literally wiped every bit of sauce off my plate with their bread.which , speaking of bread , the portuguese cornbread is to die for . i highly recommend buying a $ 2 loaf to take home and ( a recommended by one of the waitress ) , make yourself a few thick slice of french toast.for dinner , my husband had duck with a grand marnier sauce and i had cornish game hen in a butter wine tarragon sauce . both were served with simply dressed cauliflower , broccoli , pepper , and red potato . again , we ate every bit of food off our plate and sopped up the extra sauce with our bread.we did happen to order the two most expensive entree on the menu , and both had appetizer , but i think $ 85 is absolutely reasonable for the high caliber food we received . bring your own bottle of wine , order the special , and take a loaf of bread home . we are sure happy that we did !
this wa the first time for me and my wife at the celebrated cafe zinho . parking in the residential area in which the restaurant is located is next to impossible on a busy saturday night ; the diner should be prepared to walk a distance to get to the restaurant from where he or she is ultimately able to park . the greatest drawback is that the restaurant is tiny and the seating so tight that at our table , it wa necessary to sit uncomfortably in order to avoid being bumped by anyone that walked by , which happened repeatedly a we were in a busy thoroughfare of food delivery . no other table offered a much better situation and all others were occupied at the busy time we arrived , 6:45 p. m. the online menu boast of a daily vegetarian and vegan special entree , but there wa no such entree on this night . there wa only one non-meat item on the small menu , ravioli . our gracious server , ramon , said that the kitchen could prepare a couscous and vegetable dish if the vegetarian in our party wanted it , and that wa what we did . the restaurant permit customer to bring their own alcoholic beverage , a nice convenience and saving for the diner . a small portion of bread wa served with a tiny amount of rock-hard butter . my mushroom and cheese soup wa a large portion , served piping hot , which wa great , but it wa a puree with no distinct mushroom piece . i would not have been able to distinguish it a mushroom soup . all of our entree were attractively presented and were tasty , average size portion . all were served with a small amount of good , fresh vegetable . it would be helpful if the menu offered some description of the following entree so that the diner with an interest in a chicken dish would not have to inquire about it of the server : `` chicken maputoroasted w/ piri piri & chocolate scented sauce '' . doe the average diner know what `` maputo '' and `` piri piri '' are ? the lemon tart dessert wa a small piece not suitable for sharing , served with two minute piece of strawberry and a small dollop of whipped cream . it wa not flavorful or moist nor worth the calorie . the gracious owner , tony pais , stopped at our table for a moment to greet u , a nice touch , and there were quality check by a manager and ramon . i noticed a number of prominent people from the community dining here , individual whom i wa surprised were willing to spend a good deal of money to be packed into a sardine can of a restaurant . apparently they consider this to be the only restaurant in town . the rest room are small , one-person facility , naturally . an unfortunate surprise occurred when the individual that wa picking up the check for my party presented his credit card only to be told that the restaurant accepts only cash and check , this for a tariff of $ 148 plus gratuity . it is supposed to be of some consolation that there is an automatic teller machine on site . i imagine le than 1 % of expensive restaurant today are cash only . cafe zinho is a highly flawed restaurant , demonstrating that there is more to a fine dining experience than simply offering fine cuisine . if one is able to get beyond the feeling one ha when visiting the rest room on a commercial airliner , the diner might enjoy it : not us.i posted comment about the restaurant at it facebook page , in which i noted my displeasure with being cramped and uncomfortable , and about the restaurant being unique in it unwillingness to accept credit card for a $ 148 check . an individual identifying himself a the manager , who apparently had never received constructive criticism from anyone , initially demonstrated rage , posting a message that i can go to the oiive garden the next time i dine out . he later added with similar condescension that i can use a coupon and a credit card at the olive garden . later , he thought better of his outburst and removed the comment ... along with mine . he ultimately offered me and my wife the opportunity to return to the restaurant at his expense . i thanked him for the offer , but told him that one experience at cafe zinho wa enough . i had no intention of returning even if he had responded to my comment like a gentleman .
visited this wonderful , eclectic portuguese restaurant and had the pleasure of meeting the owner ( s ) and head chef . tihs ha been our 4th opportunity to visit this restaurant and we have never been disappointed . the opportunity for dining are quite expansive and quite salacious . it byob policy also allows one to experience the wine of your own choice to pair with the most exquisite menu . we had the goat cheese puff pastry and mussel a appetizer and the red snapper w/apricot sauce and a whole bronzino - quite yummy ! ! their special are all so inviting and we of course look forward to our next visit to pitt and a guaranteed visit to cafe zhino . we of course also look forward to trying out the rest ( and i am sure the special will grow ) of the menu . cheer !
fantastic little restaurant . i had the duck ... it wa to die for . food wa delicious , atmosphere wa warm , classy , inviting , and the staff member were all super kind and professional . make sure you make a reservation , though ... it is a tiny place . it is pricey ... but worth every penny .
when i entered , i wa ready to wow-ed . it wa my kind of place -- byo , shabby-chic decor intimate setting , condensed menu , and a waitress with an accent . but our food did not live up to my expectation . the portuguese bread served before our meal wa crusty , warm , and special -- a cross between a french loaf and cornbread . unfortunately , thing went down hill from here . the highly recommended goat cheese and phyllo dough tart wa too rich and too mild , the pear did not give enough sweetness and there wa not any salt . so , it wa just creamy . plain and creamy . between u we had three entree . the salmon wa my favorite of the three . it wa an interesting preparation and well done . but , nothing special . the monk fish special wa too sweet for my taste and a bit tough . ( i do not want to have to use a knife to cut my fish . ) i appreciated the homemade pasta and delicate flavor of the ravioli , but it wa just too bland . a bit of salt or spicy or something would have been nice . i may come back to try the burger , but no more $ 25 disappointing entree for me .
i had a wonderful meal and terrific evening at cafe zinho . before i talk about the food , however , i want to explain why i am giving zinho only 4 star . there are two major factor that negatively affected my overall experience . first , for a restaurant a expensive a zinho ( somewhere between $ 80-100 for two people ) , i think it is absurd that they do not accept credit card . they are cash or personal check only . for a place like this - with price like these - it just come off a cheap . secondly , when i called to make a reservation , they encouraged me to bring a bottle of wine ( it is byob ) , but did not mention the corkage fee , which will vary depending on the number of people and the number of bottle . it just seemed strange to not mention that additional charge when i called to make the reservation . true 5-star restaurant might work transaction and corkage fee into their menu price , but i think the quality restaurant culture is beginning to move away from charging separate fees.those minor complaint aside , our meal at cafe zinho wa phenomenal . i wanted something upscale and out-of-the-ordinary for our one night in pittsburgh . we drove 10 mile from downtown - through sudden blizzard condition - specifically for this place . though neither of u are huge seafood aficionado , their menu is very accessible to both adventurous and more reticent eater . for an appetizer , we ordered the puff pastry-encased goat cheese , laid in a sweet pumpkinseed sauce . the entree really stole the night , however . i ordered the mussel in a vodka tomato sauce laid overtop pappardelle pasta . the sauce included chopped onion and other spice worked right into it , making it consistency chunky rather than `` creamy '' - the word used by the menu description . my fiancé ordered the crab cake with the lemon-vanilla glaze . both of u were blown away by these entree , not to mention obsessed with their portuguese cornbread that they bring to the table ( out of this world ) . for dessert , the option change - but it appears they usually have a cheesecake and mousse option . the staff wa helpful , kind , and very invested in their food . the ambiance is very intimate : a small place with a seating capacity of no more than 35 , original art lining the wall , and a small bar at the entrance ( it is more of a server area because they do not serve alcohol on the premise ) . overall , a really memorable evening , only slightly marred by those strange fee , which could be easily avoided . just remember your checkbook and be prepared for corkage fee - if you go prepared , the only surprise will be the delicious kind offered by cafe zinho .
the chef know his job . food is well prepare , i enjoyed it . the space is kind of small and cramped , a little bit disorganized but the taste of the food definitely compensates . pricy , but overall a good place to enjoy a dinner .
had a great dinner here . the portuguese corn bread wa delicious the salmon with beet sauce wa perfect . we enjoyed our dinner here- cozy and welcoming atmosphere . do not forget dessert we had bread pudding and cooky and cream . we went on valentine weekend so the price wa higher than usual . also like byob although they charged 5 dollar corkage fee it is worth it to bring your own choice of wine . there is also fee for sharing plate but again worth it . will definitely go again .
based on the menu , i would classify cafe zinho a more of a general fine dining restaurant rather than a portuguese specialty restaurant . there are some portuguese item , but i feel the emphasis is on providing high quality dish non-specific to any particular cuisine.for starter , we were brought corn bread which wa great . it had a great textural contrast with the flakiness of corn bread along with the fluffiness of loafs.next , we had frog leg in a lemon and white wine sauce . the sauce wa very pleasant a it highlighted a contrast among bittery , buttery , and sweetness . we dipped many piece of corn bread in the sauce . most of the flavor of the frog leg came from the sauce . the frog leg themselves were very chewy . i suspect that they were prepared in an oven ; i think quickly grilling or quickly deep frying the frog leg might yield a more pleasant texture.the main entree wa great ! i had the filet of trout which come with grilled vegetable . the grilled veggie were simple yet well executed . the trout wa nicely seasoned and cooked . i wa able to appreciate the taste of the fish a well a the light seasoning . i wish the trout is skin wa a bit crispier ; however , i want to emphasis the the fish wa cooked very much to my liking.all in all , the food wa very good . the main entree were quite pricey . you are likely to be spending at least $ 30 per person .
this is a cozy little place . i made last minute reservation for a saturday evening because the restaurant we were supposed to go to closed due to an emergency . major bummer for u , but life go on and luckily we were able to get a table at this place . at first we were seated by the register area and that wa a little awkward because it felt like the hostess and waitress were right at the table with u . i wa not in the mood for a large group dinner so we asked to be moved , a request they graciously accomodated . unfortunately , we were then seated pretty close to the door and it wa a cold february evening so that wa a little rough . fortunately , we had a whole bottle of wine to warm u up.ok , so now let is talk about the wine thing : this is the first byob place i have ever eaten at and i loved it ! it is pretty great to share a bottle of wine that you can pick out yourself , rather than spend a fortune on some ordinary bottle offered by the restaurant . i did not know if we had to open the bottle ourselves and brought a cork screw just in case , but turn out they open it for you ; i can not remember if there wa a corkage fee , but it they do it is a small fee.now , for the food : we shared a sardine appetizer and it wa quite good . the bread wa also really delicious , very fresh and soft . for my entree i ordered the lobster tail and that wa very tasty ! the veggie served alongside were cooked perfectly and the sauce wa light and flavorful . we ended the meal with a chocolate mousse , which my partner did not love , but i thought it wa pretty good , definitely not the best i have had , but good ! to sum it all up : good food , cozy place , and friendly staff !
best mussel ! ! ! they were large and quite tasty . the starter bread is corn bread and it is absolutely addicting . my boyfriend and i had dinner on a whim on a weekday and we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves . the setting is intimate and i enjoyed it . i only wish we would have brought a bottle of wine since it is byob . the service wa excellent a well . i have no complaint , even if it is cash only i think it is worth it . note : cash only . they do have an atm inside for your convenience . byob
my friend and i went there without a reservation on thursday , and it seemed like there wa only one small table in front the door left . we had no problem with it . all staff there are very friendly and helpful . the place is quite small so maybe you should make a reservation in advance . one of nice thing about this place is byob ( $ 5 per a wine bottle ) . if you do not bring anything . you can walk to wine and spirit , which is very close to the restaurant . so you can choose whatever you like to drink.most importantly , the food wa great ! we had chicken liver and octopus for appetizer . for main dish , we had a whole fish with caper sauce , and lamb rack . the entree dish cost from $ 20- $ 35 , and $ 28 in average .
what a gem of a place in shadyside . it s place like this that make me miss living there . food wa outstanding ! because it wa our first time , we wanted to do a little bit of this and that . 2 appetizer , becky s salad and the special of the eve : smoked salmon on crostini with creme fresh , a clam dish , forgot name , with the best tomatoe-white wine , i could have drunk from the bowl , broth ; becky s salad ( the lemon dressing wa out of this world delicious -- again , could have drunk it , good ) . i m usually not fan of walnut in my salad , but the crumbled goat cheese made me forget about my dislike of it , that i ate it happily . good pairing . the special of the night , we opted for sharing the lamb shank with reduced red wine sauce and simple veggie . small veggie selection by american standard -- half russet potato , slither of zucchini , and a stem of green onion , but the star afterall wa the lamb , and it wa meduim perfect , just a i ordered ! `` would you care for some dessert ? `` , ramon , our waiter ( he wa fabulous ! ) asked . and so round 3 begin . coffee , a chocolate mousse with whip cream , beauty and ... their version of creme brulee . i thought it had a hint of peanut butter , but not sure . regardless it wa so , so divine.this place wa busy but we did not feel rushed , unlike most place . the service wa great , the atmoshphere quaint ; it s definitely a neighbourhood cafe -- alot of repeat clientele , from what i gathered . we shall return.finally , on an end note . cafe zinho is byob , so bring your favourite bottle or magnum of vino . and they only take cash or personal check , but they do have an atm .
recently dined here for the first time and can say that i wa pleased with all of the food choice we had made at this establishment . the cold prickly pear soup wa certainly a good choice of appetizer . the service wa acceptable and the staff very welcoming . the only downside to this place is the atmosphere . it can get extremely loud at time ( especially when you are sitting next to a party of 12 ) and it becomes rather difficult to have any table conversation .
had a wonderful experience with a large group of friend on a busy labor day weekend . we brought a few bottle of wine which we paired up with various apps and the dinner . corkage wa an extremely nominal fee which left room in the wallet for more delectable food . the service wa smooth and very friendly . the atmosphere wa inviting with a small european-style cafe restaurant vibe . food wa fresh and tasty according to all of my friend and wa simply amazing from my perspective . the sardine app and the portuguese mariscada seafood stew which i had/shared were cooked perfectly and flavorful . chef/owner toni pais is back story and his culinary skill are inspirational . he came out to eat afterwards and wa very humble when he wa given a round of applause . this is truly an underground spot worth finding when in the burgh , a city that is now a hotbed for excellent food , and cafe zinho is one of the reason why !
what an absolutely delightful and special dining experience ! our family of four went there for dinner this past friday night . brought along two bottle of wine , which is such a nice bonus . much cheaper and we were able to bring wine that we enjoy . the decor is lovely , very bohemian and cozy . just magical . our server wa bulgarian and very knowledgeable about the menu and the special . the food is portuguese , which is primarily fish based , so we ordered accordingly . to start we ordered the cod fritter , the grilled octopus and a special salad of the night , farm grown tomato with roquefort cheese . all very delicious ! main course were lamb burger with caramelized onion and provolone ( tremendous flavor ) , the impeccable seafood stew and the salmon , also lovely . just a perfect relaxing meal in every way . if you live in pittsburgh and have not been , this place is a gem . worth checking out . wish we lived closer ( we are dc based ) .
there are restaurant that are special because of the food and there are restaurant that are special because of the service . café zinho is everything.the proprietor of zinho is one of the nicest gent in the business a far a i am concerned . i know this because i had occasion to collaborate with him on a few event 10 year ago . so while i may be a bit biased , 10 year in between interaction sort of negates that in my opinion . my point is , if you are one of those people that enjoys patronizing establishment run by nice people , zinho fit the bill . we arrived last night for my birthday dinner at 7:30 and i immediately fell in love with the place . nestled along the `` homey '' part of ellsworth avenue , zinho exudes a relaxed luxury that might cater to customer of all type . our server ramon wa wonderful , and made thoughtful recommendation for each course . i selected a roasted beet and goat cheese salad a a starter and crab cake for my entrée . neither disappointed . the salad wa a tower of carefully combined goodness and the crab cake were stuffed , not with filler , but succulent crab . while i will get the crab cake again , next time i am in for the lamb , since one bite of jonathan d is dish had me hooked so hard i practically baaa'ed ( poor lamb ) . at $ 180 for four people it is not the cheapest option in the 'burgh , but by no mean is it the most expensive . and , it is byob so bring a bottle and enjoy the wonderfulness that is café zinho .
the food here is really amazing . we ordered stuffed cornbread and vegetable soup a appetizer . for entree we had roasted duck and pork loin . they both taste really portugal with a hint of sweetness . the downside of this restaurant is that they only accept cash .
cafe zinho is a cute little restaurant tucked away on a street corner in shadyside that serf up portuguese food . everything looked great on the menu , but execution wa flawed through out our meal . also , their dish are not really portuguese.for appetizer , we got chicken liver and portuguese bread pudding with mushroom cream sauce . the chicken liver lacked flavor , which is unfortunate because chicken liver on their own are not very tasty . the bread pudding wa pretty good though.entrees were , on the whole , not impressive . the lamb chop were obviously over cooked ( we ordered medium rare , and the inside were almost fully cooked ) . the duck breast which people raved about online were tough and the sauce wa too sweet . the seafood stew lacked flavor . the lamb burger wa also overcooked .
wow ! we were looking forward to this for our anniversary , and we were not disappointed ! we splurged with three starter : grilled sardine , octopus , and pheasant terrine . each wa lovelier than the next . the terrine wa particularly delicious , served with some sort of artisanal mustard and pickled onion on the side , and some nicely grilled bread . the octopus wa perfectly cooked , not rubbery at all , but buttery , nicely seasoned and presented . the sardine were grill-hot with an ever so slightly charred and crispy skin , and the accompanying vegetable were barely warm , which actually made for a nice contrast.main course : i had the shellfish stew from the menu . all of the various seafood wa perfectly cooked . the broth could have had a bit more heat for my taste , but still : lovely . the husband had one of the special : cassoulet with venison osso buco . heavenly , especially on a winter evening . gorgeous venison shank and dome nicely roasted vegetables.another splurge : dessert . we had the chocolate terrine and the key lime creme brûlée , both of which were understated and luxurious . not fan of big , vulgar dessert , so these were right up our alley -- rich , flavorful , just a nice sweet little end to a perfect meal.service wa especially nice and attentive , but never intrusive . loved the shabby chic decor and the oddly shaped dining room . must be lovely in the summer with door open in this quiet corner of shadyside . we will definitely return to find out !
this place is just lovely ! when you walk in , it is inviting and cozy . you will never know it wa an old garage . plus , it is byob , so that is always a perk . let is add in super friendly service , and it is a wine , i mean win . i had high hope , especially with how much i loved the ambiance . i love tomato bisque , so i wa excited to dive into that for a first course , but it wa very strangely thin . when you imagine bisque , you imagine heavy cream used , but i believe it wa broth based . i just wa not digging it . but then our starter came out , a goat cheese-stuffed puff pastry , and it wa divine ! thing were looking up ! it wa a delicious mix of cheese , plus light and airy puff pastry that we gobbled up . me and a friend split two main course ; the butternut squash ravioli with pumpkin coulis and the lamb burger with fontina and caramelized onion . i love lamb and i love squash , so this wa the perfect splitting combo . i wa pretty bummed when the lamb burger , while good lamb , did not give off a lot of flavor . which wa surprising considering it also had caramelized onion , which usually pack a flavorful punch . the butternut squash ravioli also did not offer the flavor imago . mostly it wa the sauce that seemed to fall flat with this dish . there wa a sweet ending my friend , this cute little mason jar filled with layer of fresh raspberry , cream and portuguese cooky wa an amazing finish . i only wish everything had been equally a amazing.i still feel like i am not done with cafe zinho , so hopefully the next visit will be all wine , er win !
cafe zinho is a quaint and romantic portuguese-american restaurant . while they may not take the progressive-dish risk of the similarly-priced contemporary cuisine option in the area , they still manage to put their own twist on classic dish -- and they do it well.i wish i could pinpoint a dish to recommend , but everything i tasted left me more satisfied than the previous bite . the smaller seating area allows for an intimate dinner whether you are coming a a couple or bringing the whole family . bring your own bottle , follow your gut ( or the waiter is recommendation ) , and sink in to cafe zinho . the worst part ? when it is all over , you have to leave .
good is great and place is really cozy and romantic i would also add easy parking and table by the window is nice . service wa very good we would recommend fish pasta and chicken ! we will be back for sure
i like the atmosphere , the food and the service . just is a little small and expensive . but if do not care about the price is very good recommedation . especially their bread that is free . i love it ! !
awesome byob portuguese restaurant . reservation are a must . great service and atmosphere . many time we have gone it ha been for a selection of appetizer , salad and desert . do not miss this restaurant if you are in pittsburgh .
my favorite restaurant in pittsburgh . always wonderful , wonderful , wonderful . bring your own bottle .
this restaurant doe not deserve the 4 star rating it ha on yelp ... a 5 star rating is much more fitting . let is break it down : a perfect cozy location off of ellsworth , it is byob - which is always a bonus , an eclectic & intimate setting ( get there early and request window seating ) , an attentive wait staff that is warm and welcoming ... and i have not even gotten to the meal itself yet ! my husband and i took our 6 year old daughter there and we all had an amazing experience and delicious meal . my husband is lamb burger melted in his mouth , my lamb chop were tender ( medium rare ) and juicy with just enough spice , my daughter spinach and cheese ravioli wa so yummy she wa practically licking her plate ( insert appropriate level of parenting/manners ; ~ ) all in all , my 'foody family ' gave this 'gem of a portuguese/mediterranean restaurant ' an enthusiastic thumb up ! and , due to our phenomenal dining experience last night , will be making our next dining outing very soon to cafe zinho .
the food wa innovative yet underwhelming . the ambiance wa causal and quaint but not something i would recommend or choose to do again . parking wa hassle , a reservation is necessary and make sure to not show early . there is no space to wait unless you do not mind sitting outside . i typically would not but a the weather begin to turn it becomes increasingly difficult to enjoy the outdoors . it seems that breakfast or brunch could be a smashing hit here but after my dinner , which i wa so looking forward to , i am not positive that i am prepared to put this adventure at the top of my list .
such a cute , quaint and artsy place tucked away on a mostly residential street in shadyside . i wa worried about parking , but i went on a wednesday and found parking just outside . before i go further , they are cash and personal check only . i want to point that out a i am someone who usually ha little cash on hand . the ingredient were very fresh . we had the pheasant tartine - i have never had tartine before - kind of like a pate , but more firm - almost like cold head cheese consistency . also my date had the puff pastry with mushroom , which she loved . our entree were very good a well - a full rack of lamb for me , and she had the bronzino - both cooked very well . the skin on her bronzino wa crispy and very tasty - and both entree were well seasoned and cooked perfectly . this place is also byob . we will be back someday .
underwhelmed ! ! very pricey food , cash only , average food . this is the first time i have been here and really have no reason to go back . to be fair , what they put in your food is quality stuff : the lamb and duck we had are nice piece of meat , but they are not made into the type of dish you will expect for something worth ~ $ 25 a piece . to the owner : either cut your cost and sell thing for cheaper or improve the cooking ! if you really need to save the 2-3 % of credit card charge to get the profit you want , you are either too greedy or too bad of a manager .
3.5 really . there is a lot to like about café zinho and i will definitely go back , but there are a couple of thing that have to pull the star rating down a bit ... the good ... - the place itself is really cute . it is a converted garage covered with an eclectic mix of décor that give it a nice homey feel . lot of really nice detail - old door make up the ceiling , bright paint , mismatched but somehow coordinated chair and table , etc . - the server wa very friendly . she wa attentive and helpful , and she recommended an excellent dessert ( some sort of cooky , cream , and berry concoction that wa just the right amount of sweet to end the meal ) - the food ( with the exception of the goat cheese and beet stack ) wa delicious and a nice break from the standard pittsburgh fare . we started with the goat cheese puff pastry and tomato bisque . both were delicious . the soup wa thinner than i would have expected for a bisque , but i actually preferred it that way . the lamb burger wa so simple ( lamb patty , cheese , and dijonaisse ) ; but it wa so good . i will go back for that . the goat cheese and beet had potential , but it wa semi-frozen and had a weird texture because of that . the bad ... - i thought most of the menu wa a bit over-priced . not grossly over-priced , but definitely on the higher end and the miscellaneous charge add up . there is also a $ 4 split plate charge , which got u a little extra of the side dish with the burger we split . and there is a $ 5 corkage fee for the byob . - their policy toward group stink . no separate check for party over 4 ? grrr ... my party of exactly 4 wa also presented a single check ( we split some stuff , so i get it ) , but it would have been nice to have the option . i see why because they write and figure the ticket by hand , but why in this day and age are we doing that by hand ? - cash only . i do not carry that kind of cash around regularly and it is annoying to have to make a special trip to the atm before dinner .
today i had one of the best hamburger i have ever had . i ordered one of the special of the day , a filet magnon hamburger that came with cole slaw and chick pea . this burger did not need a dam thing on it but of course keeping it real i used ketchup , lol . omg this is one of those burger that all other will be judged by . this wa one of the special of the day so if you want to try one call ahead to see if it is on the special of the day menu or request one in advance with chef pais . you will not be disappointed . wife had a veggie plate that looked very tasty but i wa busy with my burger . this restaurant is very eclectic and personal . it ha a very nice atmosphere and they play music in the restaurant which is set at the perfect volume for dining . you will have no problem hearing both the music and your dinner company . look like you will not get any microwaved food here , i think all the food is prepared by stove and oven . they only take cash so stop by the atm machine on your way or you can use the machine they have on site . you can bring your own bottle of wine and they also have outdoor seating .
i stopped by here this past tuesday evening with my parent and wife for my actual birthday dinner . cafe zinho ha been on my list of bookmark for year and for some reason i had never made it there . perhaps it is the lack of a website or the fact that they are not open on sunday is or monday . in any case i called at about 2 pm on tuesday asking if i could make a reservation for 7 pm that night for a party of 4 . i wa told that we could and to not forget that it wa byob . our party arrived shortly after 7 pm to find a completely empty restaurant . so we were given our choice of table and i ended up choosing u a table right near the open door . the inside of cafe zinho is what i would call eclectic although still tastefully decorated . there also did not seem to be any air conditioning which wa ok since the evening wa not too hot and we were right near the open door.for dinner , i decided to start off by having the calamari . it came in a soup like pot with cous cous and a curry base . the calamari in it wa quite tender and it may well have been the best cooked calamari that i have ever had . meanwhile the curry had a good but subtle flavor while the cous cous provided something of substance . it wa the best appetizer that i have eaten in awhile . then for my entree i decided to go with the grand marnier duck . the duck wa cooked nicely and had a good crispy exterior . meanwhile the sauce had a nice orange flavor and i thought that it wa tasty . then the accompaniment were a couple of fingerling potato and a few other sparse vegetable that seemed to be copied on other entree a well . it wa here that i would have liked to see the entree improved upon . while the duck wa not a good a the calamari had been it still ended up being a good entree.the bottom line for me is that i would head back to cafe zinho again in the future . i absolutely loved my appetizer and the fact that it wa byob and thought that my entree wa pretty good a well .
ehhhh . i can not put my finger on why i am not feeling this place . i just wa not into the whole vibe . the appetizer ( tomato , mozzarella , white anchovy ) wa super cold , like they had made a bunch and stuck them in the fridge . my fish wa done well , but i did not love the sauce or the presentation . my husband is burger wa done well too , but also just a little flat . these dish just did not excite me when they came to the table . couple this with the coca cola glass and the rickety chair ... . we left feeling just kind of blah about the whole experience .
the ground are very nice here , but i have to say the part i loved best wa the collection of car . i have never seen so many antique vehicle in one place . definitely make it worth checking out . however . the location is a bit wacky . it is right outside of wilkinsburg , which is not a place to visit at all . but still , it is nice enough to check out . especially if you want to just go have a nice lunch at the cafe .
despite the bloody labor battle that were fought at the old homestead steel mill , the frick art and historical center is a very beautiful and quiet place to spend the day . it is complex of museum and building set in several acre of lawn and garden in pittsburgh is east end . it is a wonderful place to bring your out of town guest or just spend by yourself.you begin your tour with the helen frick art museum , located on reynolds street . it feature porcelain , bronze , and rare example of 17th and 18th-century furniture . current exhibit include steel : pittsburgh drawing by craig mcpherson and a panorama of pittsburgh : nineteenth-century printed view . they will remain on view through june 8 , a part of pittsburgh is 250th anniversary.next we have the car and carriage museum . henry clay frick wa apparently quite an auto enthusiast . his 1914 roll royce silver ghost touring car is here a is the first car reportedly registered in pittsburgh . my husband rick like the 1931 lincoln.then we move on to my favorite , the greenhouse , the garden , and the lawn . i believe that admission is free if you just want to stroll around the lawn , which i like to do on a sunday in may . in the late 19th century , greenhouse were very popular with wealthy families.finally we come to the house itself , clayton . it wa purchased for the then princely sum of $ 22,000 by the frick is in 1882 . it is done in the italianate style . over 93 % of the furnishing in the house are original , and that is what make it so wonderful . you get a fair sense of how the frick lived -- quite a contrast to the steelworker ! no stop to the frick is complete without visiting the cafe . they believe that good food is an art too and the service here is wonderful . i took a friend out for her birthday recently . we had lunch at the cafe , the menu rotates seasonally . i tried the shrimp tostones , which wa sauted white shrimp , autumn sprout , toasted almond , guava cream , and annatto oil . in the mood for more `` traditional '' museum fare like hot dog ? then try the `` ultimate chili dog '' . per the website , it is grilled chicken apple sausage , wild boar chili , grated gruyere cheese , caramelized onion , and mustard piccalilli on a sourdough roll ! do not forget to have tea here too . it is wonderful and the service is impeccable ! you and your guest can easily spend a whole afternoon here !
the frick car and carriage museum is interesting and fun . they play very informative short film in a screening room and the docent there are very friendly , helpful people . the car and carriage museum is very well worth going to . and the amazing part is that is free . the frick art museum is not really that interesting or great . there is hardly anything of note . a far a i can see , helen frick had way more money than taste and money can not buy you taste . when j.p. morgan died , he donated his entire art collection to the met in new york . however the met did not want everything . helen frick bought many piece that the met had already passed on , with good reason . of course not all of the frick art collection consists of the met is castoffs . there many portrait of insignificant nobility done by french court painter who had little talent . just bec . art is old or expensive , doe not mean it is really any good . it is a good thing this museum is free .
i wa here on mother is day with my mom , my mother-in-law , my aunt , and my cousin . this wa a `` girl is day out '' , a gift to ourselves ( we left the menfolk at home ! ) . afternoon tea wa absolutely exquisite . do not get me wrong -- i love a good ballgame and hotdog just like everyone else . but sometimes i got ta do `` chick stuff '' like this too ! we took the tour of the mansion and the frick art museum . current exhibit include the road to impressionism : barbizon landscape from the walter art museum and 1806 , jena , a significant late-nineteenth-century painting by french artist jean-louis-ernest meissonier . there is a lot to see and do at the frick . get off your butt pittsburghers and enjoy this place !
i am a history fan ... so when a friend told me about this i made sure he took me to go see it . the property is very beautiful ... we waited a few minute and signed in ... .surprising it wa discount day ! the waiting area itself wa exquisite and already gave rich history of the property and the people who had lived there . by the time we finished looking it over , our tour guide came in . she wa perfect ... very knowledgeable and sweet . she answered any question we had and made u feel very welcome there . she gave u ample time to roam around each room . the house is amazing and moreso the car collection . that is free ... and a must-see . also is you like art do not miss the art collection .
it is free , and the car & carriage museum ha a rolls-royce silver ghost.we skipped the house tour ( $ 10 ) , the cafe , and the art museum . it wa still worth visiting just for the old car .
i can not comment on the art museum , but i did get to see the car and carriage collection a well a the estate . although slightly hassled by over-enthusiastic docent , i had a great time ( though short ) viewing the car and carriage collection . there wa a much larger variety than i anticipated.the house wa just incredible . distinctly pittsburgh on the outside , but easily one of the best example of home from that era on the interior . our guide wa interesting , knowledgeable , and happy to respond to question . we had ample time to explore each room . in fact , maybe too much time . the tour ran on the long side a far a house tour go and i will admit i got a little antsy by the end . it wa also a little chaotic because there were at least two other group in the house while we were there ( i am impressed if they get that kind of visitation regularly ) . nevertheless , i had a great experience and would happily encourage any of the art museum visitor to head over and take the tour . i might go back , if only because i did not get a single picture of the place.oh , and , if nothing else - thumb up for the ample free parking . a an out-of-towner , it made it one of the easiest part of my trip .
very nice home and ground . i could not exactly say i am a fan of the owner or how he earned his money but i did appreciate how original the house and belonging are and how beautiful the ground and building are . can you say johnstown flood ? how about the homestead strike ? celebrating the extreme wealth of few on the back of a billion who worked 16 hour day for nothing is not exactly something i really love to do but i can appreciate beautiful art and architecture of which there is plenty to see here . we toured clayton ( the home ) , art museum , conservatory and the car and carriage museum . the conservatory did not have a lot of impressive specimen and wa far from full but is a great building . be sure to earmark about 4 hour for the whole experience including , perhaps , a pricey but tasty snack at the cafe ( make a reservation ) . we had a really nice time and i do recommend a visit if you are here so you can not only see some great furnishing but so that you may learn some of the history of the economy here . after all , we should not turn our back on the reality of our collective history lest we make the same mistake again . i am glad they are doing such a fine job preserving this place for generation to come .
the art museum is pretty nice ; the carriage and car museum is cool ; and it is neat to walk through the greenhouse . those are free . however , nothing really separate the $ 12 house tour from other house tour . like the other one , the docent do not focus on anything interesting , like history or the architecture or the building itself . they focus on some family story that may only be of passing interest because the family is rich . kind of like hearing about paris hilton or the kardashians . b-o-r-i-n-g. and what kind of tourist attraction doe not allow picture ?
i popped in to the frick because , well , why not ? i had the afternoon free and the weather wa beautiful.sure , it is not moma , or the met , or lacma . what were you expecting ? but what the main collection lack in cachet , it make up for with it outstanding curator . i can not rave enough about how friendly and knowledgeable the staff are . they went out of their way to describe the history and intricacy of each work of art . it made even the most average of piece come alive.the car collection wa amazing , and the staff in the outbuilding were equally helpful . the gentleman that i spoke with went through the collection car by car , giving an enormous amount of detail and history for each vehicle . it made what would have been an average visit fantastic.i did not have a chance to do the tour of the mansion , but i did walk around the ground , and they are perfect to while away some free time on a nice day .
what a frick-ing fantastic place ! the frick art & historical center ha all the base covered when it come to museum : historical site , visual art , beautiful ground , classic car and buggy , restaurant , greenhouse . not to mention that everything -- with the exception of the house tour -- is free . no one could possibly say there is *nothing* that here interest him here . husband certainly could not convince me.i kid . he is a trooper.we arrived at the frick on a gorgeous blue morning and started out with an excellent tour of the frick family abode . when the family moved to new york city after henry clay struck it rich in the steel business , they kept their house in pittsburgh for return visit to the city ; 93 % of what is in the house is original to the frick family , which always make a house tour more interesting to me . they lived lavishly , and frick wa an avid art collector . his personal collection -- displayed both in the home and museum -- is impressive.after our tour we visited the car and carriage museum , which had husband transfixed with it model t touring car , roll royce silver ghost , american bantam convertible coupe , panhard et levassor tonneau and lincoln model k sport phaeton among others . finally , we finished up with a spin around the art museum itself . it is a beautiful building with a very manageable size . i wa thrilled to find a current exhibition of medieval persian pottery -- found along the ancient silk road route -- currently running a well.say what you will about h. c. frick ( let is be real : the johnstown flood and handling of the homestead strike would have tarnished mother teresa is image ) , the museum and historical site are *well* worth your time .
it is been four year since i will last reviewed the frick ? my mom and i always have our annual mother is day outing here . woman only -- we leave our husband to their own ( de ) vice ! the frick always ha a special mother is day program that includes garden walk , tour , and my favorite , high tea . believe me , the high tea service here is exquisite . this year mom and i went with my cousin cindy & her mom , and my best friend marla & her mom . and this year is special exhibition at the art museum wa ( is ) `` a kind of alchemy : medieval persian ceramic . this exhibit show the diversity of ancient persian ( what is now present-day iraq , iran , and afghanistan ) ceramic . these work were produced for both the luxury and middle-class market . even the common folk could afford decorative well-crafted ceramics.the only drawback to an otherwise perfect day wa the chilly weather . i had a new sundress i wanted to wear ( and my mom still bemoans my tattoo ) .
a delightful ( and free ? ) way to spend the afternoon . the ground are beautiful , and the architecture is great , and the nearby frick park is a wonderful walk . it is quite a gem in the middle of this city . did not tour the clayton ( reservation needed ) , so can not comment on that building .
henry clay frick is mansion , clayton , is a must on any tour of pittsburgh . the center is ground include an art and car museum , working greenhouse , a great cafe , and of course , the mansion itself.you will be blown away by the woodwork in clayton -- it is nothing short of amazing . the furnishing , decoration are also exquisite and original to the house . a tour of the home take a full hour and give you a view into the life and time of one of pittsburgh is most loved ( or despised ) .if you are short on time , i would recommend prioritizing a visit to clayton and then to the other structure at the center . there is simply no comparison to clayton .
how have i been living in pittsburgh for over a year without a visit to this awesome site ? ! my husband and i finally paid a visit to the frick thanks to the `` we love our member '' promotion that local museum were offering to their member . ( we are member at the carnegie ) . i wa vaguely familiar with who frick wa and knew there wa a house tour , but i had no idea how much this site had to offer . our visit began with a trip into the shop/visitor is center . there we browsed the gift shop while waiting for the tour to begin . the gift shop building wa once a playhouse for the child and you can still see where gutter for the bowling alley run through the middle of the floor . it wa a great place to start the tour and begin learning about the family and their connection to the area and american industry . i am not a pittsburgh native , so i knew very little about them . it is important to note that you can not bring large bag with you on the tour , but they do provide free locker to store them while you are in the house.the tour continued by entering the house . the enclosed porch provides a coat rack so you do not have to lug it around with you . the house is detailed a if the frick family wa still living there . we learned from our docent that they were fortunate that one of the family member lived there through the 1980s , so the house wa well maintained and preserved . each room ha exquisite detail and decor . our guide spent a great deal of time explaining and showcasing the art work . many local pittsburgh artist were featured along with well known artist such a monet . every aspect of the room were detailed including showcasing the new development at the time , aluminum . the room upstairs featured le detail but were still interesting . after our visit to the house , we stopped in the green house . i am not that in to plant , but it wa interesting to learn that the plant grown there are used in the cafe.speaking of the cafe , we stopped in just to check it out . they were fully booked that day ( which is fine since we were not planning on eating anyway ) but we were so enticed by the dessert selection that we got two dessert to go . a nutella cheese cake and a baked apple . we enjoyed those later that evening after dinner.i am not that in to car , but the car and carriage museum wa very interesting . the first section is carriage that the frick family used . my favorite wa their `` special occasion '' carriage that even had foot warmer ! the car area featured various automobile that had a connection to pittsburgh . there is also the option of watching three short video about automobile in pittsburgh.the art museum alone is worth a visit . they were preparing for an exhibit when we were there so only the italian and french section were open , but they were fantastic . a great collection with amazing detail and description of each of the painting . the interior of the building is an attraction itself . it doe not look like it wa built in the 1960s with the fantastic marble and woodwork.overall , a very enjoyable place to visit that i highly recommend to anyone because there really is something for everyone at frick .
it is not large but it is a wonderful way to spend a couple hour on a nice afternoon . take in lunch at the cafe , stroll the ground and check out the greenhouse . visit the antique auto collection , which i am told will be closed for a while for expansion , and see a small but wonderful art collection . we had a great afternoon .
an often overlooked gem in the heart of pittsburgh most beautiful neighborhood.the frick is essentially 5 small sight in one . the ground . nice 5 acre area that is well maintained giving a park like atmosphere.the greenhouse . lovely little greenhouse you can walk through.the car museum is neat but currently closed for 18 month . an early electric and steam car are the highlight . lot of old roll royces.the cafe . food.the clayton house . 12 dollar tour worth every penny . the house tour take about one hour and really is fascinating . not a huge mansion.all in all just a nice place .
i must admit that i have never been to the frick cafe or greenhouse or whatever the surrounding building are ... which is something i should remedy sometime in the future . however , this review is for first friday @ the frick , which take over the ground of 7227 reynolds street for just a couple friday night each summer . these couple friday night have become one of my favorite pittsburgh tradition . for summer 2014 , there are three concert happening at the frick ... meeting of important people friday , june 6 , 2014 7:00 p.m. jerry grcevich tamburitza orchestra friday , august 1 , 2014 7:00 p.m. sean jones quartet friday , september 5 , 2014 7:00 p.m . sadly , you have already missed the first concert on june 6th but still have time to check out the other two . though they start at 7pm , i recommend arriving earlier , or at least having some people in your group arrive earlier , to save some space for everyone . also , make sure to have $ 5 ( or more ) on hand to give at the entrance for the recommended donation.even though the music is important ( thanks to meeting of important people for putting on a great show on friday night ) , i think that friend and food really make this event . my husband and i met 8 friend and had a great time chatting and laughing and catching up on life . this is the sort of concert that it is ok to talk through . then , the food -- you can not forget the food . our group had fruit and cheese and wine and spring roll and mac & cheese and dessert and on and on . having an elaborate picnic style dinner in a beautiful space while listening to music just feel like such a magical movie moment . i am already counting down the day to the august concert !
want a leisurely lunch in an incredibly beautiful setting without the kid , go to the frick . you must have reservations.the food wa exceptional and ingredient home grown on the property . soup are incredible and dessert are orgasmic . if you like passion fruit , lilikoi , i must say they served the best lilikoi cream brûlée . fish taco were fantastic .
very cool place to visit with lot of history . there is a lot to see and everyone is super nice . 2 of the building were under construction but will open later . i liked the fact that you could walk through the house and most of the room . nothing is behind glass so you can see thing up close . all the lady were nice and knew a lot about the history and answered all question . the degas exhibit is also on display right now so make sure to check that out too
i love the frick mansion tour . i see why helen frick wa so determined to preserve it . although half of me is insanely envious of the lavish and exclusive lifestyle , i am grateful they preserved it so that i could have the privilege to walk through such victorian art , value , and elegance . i am becoming a bit of a swpa gilded age history nerd and will always be fascinated hearing their story no matter how many time because i will keep going back . my most recent visit wa in early december and it wa very nice . i did not know this but they change the theme of the tour during the holiday season . the original tour is my favorite , but wa nice having known the background with a surprise addition learning the frick family is holiday tradition . if it wa not a national holiday , i would certainly be game for a frick mansion tour today .
we stopped by today to check out the current exhibit , impressionist to modernist : masterworks of early photography . upon entering we were greeted by a nice employee who gave u a lot of helpful information about the exhibit , and others available to u . i wa pleasantly surprised that the art museum portion wa free . it is not too big , we did everything in le than an hour , but still took our time to read a lot of the info and enjoy ourselves.it wa my first time visiting and i found it go be a very nice way to spend an afternoon , especially on a budget .
i have never been here before , but i saw online they were featuring a photography exhibit : from impressionist to modernist . it run until april 19th and the best part - it is free ! i love photography and i am so glad we went to look at the exhibit . the property ha other building where you can do a tour , but we only went into the main one . a we walked in , there wa a rotunda in the middle with tapestry hanging just around the wall . there wa a nice lady by the door who explained what wa where and how we could get to the other place to view art/house . she wa incredibly informative . i definitely loved the exhibit and would recommend checking online for other feature . i think their membership is really reasonable and it is a great way to get to know local thing around pittsburgh .
i have spent significantly more time at the frick art & historical center than i knew wa possible this year . i have written more paper and stared at the 990s for hour . the frick is a pretty healthy museum in the financial sense , and they have made and are planning to make a ton of new additions.the museum and house tour are amazing . they are beautifully maintained . the museum is fairly small , four or five room . the painting are not the most famous by any stretch , but it is still cool to see some original . the best part ? it is free ! the house tour is my preference and certain day of the year it is free , though i am not sure exactly which one . if you are from out of town , this reminds me of a smaller version of the isabelle stewart gardner museum in boston but on a slightly smaller scale , house-wise . however , the ground here probably trump the gardner museum . the model t house is currently under renovation , but you can still check out the bowling alley and garden ! even cooler , they use food and herb grown in the garden at the newly-renovated frick cafe , i hear.there is also a very small free parking lot . it is best to get here early if you want to utilize that , but there is some street parking a well . not on a major bus line.the frick is a super cool place , and for a mid-sized city , this is a true gem !
my family attended the frick this friday for a picnic while the ground were open to the public . it wa beautiful ... we walked in and saw family scattered on the lawn with big picnic basket . there were lawn toy set out for kid to play with , twinkle light strung throughout the space and a cool mix of music playing on the speaker . nobody greeted u , despite seeing several employee at the entrance . but we still enjoyed every bit of the evening . there were a few food truck at the entrance , but we packed our own dinner instead . it is nice to have the option though . and another option is the on-site restaurant . i am looking forward to returning with a larger group for another friday and hopefully for one of the first friday is when there is live music .
while i do not believe you could spend an entire day at the frick , you can easily spend a couple of hour especially if you are touring clayton , which is about an hour tour . admission is required for the tour , but it is free to visit the garden and the frick museum . clayton epitomizes the opulence of the gilded age-make sure to check out the playhouse on the way to clayton a it is the size of a small house ! start your experience in the grable visitor center . here you can purchase admission to tour clayton and browse their museum shop which ha many interesting book about the history of pittsburgh . clayton wa home to the frick family from 1883-1905 and is quite well preserved . no photograph are allowed-just an fyi . touring is only available for the first and second floor , however , you get to see the bedroom , the kitchen , the library , and the calling room , in addition to the servant quarter . while frick wa an extensive art collector , most of his work is displayed in new york . the family home contains many painting of the family though . the frick art museum ha some of his collection and typically ha a rotating exhibit a well . the car and carriage museum is an interesting step back in time a well with item ranging from old lincoln and roll royces to a winter sleigh . photo are allowed in this area . there is also a cafe , which i hear is quite nice , however , it is also quite hard to get into and reservation are a must . i highly recommend visiting for the holiday a they attempt to redecorate the home a the frick did at the turn of the century . the tree is beautifully decorated this time of year and worth viewing . also of note , there is a parking lot so be sure to take advantage of the free parking .
this wa my first time visiting here and not only did i want to see it is temporary exhibit `` killer heel '' but also tour the rest of the ground . i purchased a membership which entitles me to a free tour of the clayton house . all i needed to do wa go to the visitor is center and sign up for one . although the museum itself is free if you are not a member then you pay a fee for this tour and also a separate fee to see killer heel . i did not have to pay for that exhibit either since i had purchased a membership . the membership also entitles you to 10 % off in both the gift shop and if you dine at the cafe.they do offer student discount whether you are in high school or college a well a senior citizen discount should you choose not to buy a membership . i arrived when it opened and really immersed myself in the killer heel exhibit . it wa indeed fascinating and very interesting . they do offer some video . parent advisory is noted on some of them before entering due to mature element . i went to the visitor is center and got on an early afternoon tour of the clayton house which wa the home of the frick family before they moved to ny.i got to see the carriage house which wa very interesting along with the greenhouse which i learned is modeled after phipps conservatory . they were selling some herb for pittsburgh plus but i wa not interested . the carriage house showed the evolution from the horse drawn carriage in the late 1800s to the first automobile including the `` stanley steamer . `` my tour of the clayton house wa by far outstanding ! they do have specific rule however . no photography is allowed in the mansion and you are not permitted to touch anything . each room ha a `` chair '' where one can sit if you get tired . also no drink are allowed . the tour encompasses both the first and second floor of mansion . the upper floor wa the servant quarter and is off limit to the public.the ground are quiet beautiful and they are many area where one can sit and relax and take in the natural beauty of the surroundings . by lunchtime this place wa packed with people so i would recommend to arrive early . they have their own parking lot which is free and is easy accessible if you buy anything in the gift shop and want to throw it in your car.due to time constraint i wa not able to visit the art museum itself but since i am a member will save it for a future visit . the people here are friendly and helpful and will gladly answer any question you may have about the place and especially on tour . the art and architecture truly amazed me ! that along with their special exhibit and my opportunity to dine there ( the cafe is reviewed separately ) made it a lovely day to see an area that wa once part of the our `` millionaire is row '' in pittsburgh.looking forward to returning there to see the art gallery and take that clayton house tour again . would give 4 1/2 star in my book .
my '99 camry ha had a check engine light on since buying it used 5 year ago . i do not take my car to dealership ( too pricey ) , and i wa always told a dealership wa the only people that could turn it off a there wa nothing wrong with my car . i tried angel is for the first time off of a recommendation just for inspection last summer , and it wa some super obscure part that needed replaced that only cost $ 100 . been taking it there since , a the service is fast , friendly , knowledgeable , and affordable . yeah , it is funky looking on the outside , but do not let that deter you !
this shop allows you to bring aftermarket part and charge a reasonable labor charge . prior to going to this shop , we went for a second opinion on the 01 accord and they recommended replacing strut and ball joint . angel is swapped only the strut , but told u to bypass the ball joint even though we had the part in hand.a few month later , we go back to change brake pad and tire . they did a good job with installing the new part , but they changed their mind and recommended to replace the ball joint ... how could they recommend replacing them after saying they were ok in such a short time period ...
these people could not care le . i am still waiting for my washer dryer to get fixed -its been almost a month now and i am being told that they do not even know when the technician will return . the technician ha been here 4 time already . each time there is supposedly something else wrong and so they have to order another part . miraculously the part is wrong ( first week ) , they forgot to order the second part ( 2nd week ) , part come in but they need a suppossed other part and it will be `` another 3-5 day '' ( 3rd week ) , fourth week roll by and they `` do not know '' when it coming in ( thats up to the distributor ) . when i ask for an eta ( because i am wearing dirty clothes , and i am sick of technician coming back 5 time and i already took off a week of work to meet these people ) the cus.t service rep get mad at me and offer me a refund . ( the washer is on warranty ) they obviously do not want to deal with any problem they created . so now i have to call the distributor to see when the part is coming in ( yup , thats your job appliance service center ! ) .
when i decided our old gas dryer wa worth trying to have fixed rather than replacing , i looked for a repair service the old fashioned way : the phone book . appliance service center had a big display ad and promised quick service , so i called them . this wa on a wednesday . they offered a service call on thursday , but i could not be home ; we settled on friday . they sent and email reminder right away . on friday morning , the repairman called when he wa ten minute away . he wa polite and efficient , and got the job done in half an hour . the repair turned out to be much more affordable than i had expected , and the repair process wa no trouble at all.edited to add : yelp list their business hour a running until 5:00 , but they are closed by 4:30 . let is see if their next repair go a smoothly a the last ...
i like this place because it is family run . my last repair wa on our refrigerator . part were ordered quickly and installed in a timely manner . technician wa friendly . a wa the office staff i spoke with . i will recommend them to anyone looking for reliable service !
see below . originally gave them one star , but they called and offered me an earlier appointment for today . i would have given 5 star had it not been for the awful scheduling experience referred to below . the service technician wa prompt , friendly , and seemed well-trained and knowledgeable . i would use this company again , ( and have little choice , because they are the authorized lg service provider ) but would be very clear and careful about accepting any scheduling promise . here is what i wrote just a couple day ago : i have not had my appointment yet , so i may well revise my rating if they do a good job , but ... i bought an lg washer on november 24 , and the very next day i called lg service because it wa rocking quite a bit . they referred me to this business , and sent a repair request to them . i immediately called appliance repair service , and they had not gotten the request yet , and told me they would call back when they received it . it wa thanksgiving week , so i did not expect them to come until the following week , but i would be out of town the week after that , and i told them so . they promised to call me and schedule when they got the repair request . fast forward to december 28 , still no call . i called , and they said they had no record of a request , and that they delete them after 4 day if nothing is scheduled ! i had to call lg again for another request , and they confirmed that they had issued a request the first time . somebody at appliance repair screwed up , and not only did they not apologize , they were actively hostile . i hope their technical expertise is better than their customer service .
just call someone else . lol . the guy they sent to service my dryer made every excuse so he did not have to work . he did not want to walk down the block because i had no more parking available . i even offered to help carry his tool for him ! call another company , and a guy came the following day ... and fixed my issue in 15 minute .
i have used this repair service for year . when i scheduled a repair for my washer and dryer , i wa charged $ 278.14 for a 30 minute call . i wa shocked at the price of being charged for a service call on both appliance which the dryer requires a $ 9.99 part and i wa told by repair man my washer just needed to be cleaned ! i informed him that i use afresh every month and keep by water lid open to dry after every use . he just looked at me with no response , but i wa charged $ 134.00 for that comment ! ridiculous . my husband is a builder/developer and i can assure them , we will never refer any business to them .
rude , unprofessional , and lazy . i had a service appointment scheduled and they would not even come to my house to see what wa wrong with my washing machine . they insisted on ordering part for my washing machine before they ever even came to look at it . i am sure this guessing kind of work is convenient for them , but i assure you it is not convenient for the customer . the lady i spoke to wa rude and unprofessional .
and so ... .the search for a new hair salon continues . sigh . do not get me wrong , the cut wa a good cut . the salon itself wa clean and stylish . the owner , welcoming and friendly . now what went wrong . the cut wa good , but it certainly wa not what i expected from a salon with the reputation of izzazu . i wa not bowled over by my stylist is professionalism either . do not dis my previous stylist ... .she rocked ... .you do not do yourself any favor by knocking someone else . ( and come on , i wa waaayyyy overdue for a cut since i have been driving to cleveland for a style . ) that being said , for $ 55 ( and saving big buck on gas , toll , lunch and shopping ) the cut wa still a deal . but , when i started to sign the charge slip , it said $ 65 , not $ 55 . `` but , '' i said , `` the website said it wa $ 55 for a master stylist . '' `` oh , '' the chick at the counter said , `` that is for men is cut . '' silly me . so when i got back to the office , i went online and checked . nope , it said $ 55 for a master stylist woman is haircut . hmmmmm . so i called . the chick at the counter now said , `` oh , our stylist is charge whatever they feel the cut should be . '' what ? ? ? ? ? ? so i quoted the price to her from the izzazu website . she changed her tune again . `` oh , well ... ..i will refund you $ 10 if you give me your credit card number . '' did not she have my slip with the card number ? `` sorry , i do not give my credit card number over the phone . '' `` or i can send you a gift certificate . '' `` nope , '' i said through clenched teeth , `` i will not be coming back . `` it wa not the cut . it wa the bait and switch . i will gladly have paid it had they been up front and above-board ahead of time . a judge judy say , `` do not pee on my leg and tell me it is raining . '' the search go on . or i will be back in cleveland in the spring for the next cut ! p . s. one amusing side note : i checked in at izzazu when i arrived . turn out , i am the duchess ! the duchess is displeased .
okay . here is an update to my original experience . i have to say that emilio , the owner of izzazu is the consumate professional when it come to customer service and follow up . after my first appointment - at that time to be my last appointment - he doggedly tried to contact me to make the first appointment right . emilio and i had quite a lengthly and productive conversation . he care very much about making the customer happy and correcting the situation that wa unsatisfactory . i did go back and wa very pleased with my cut once again . because marshall wa running late ( 20 minute and counting ) caesar cut my hair this time . another great cut ! again , however , the desk need training in customer service . after a 20 minute wait , the receptionist still had not notified marshall that i wa there . a downtown salon depends on client who are on their lunch hour for the most part . next appointment i will call ahead to see how they are running before heading to the salon and waiting.emilio is working on the front desk situation . in the meantime , i will continue to go for the wonderful cut !
i am a jack of all trade and a do it yourself-er at heart . while in college i worked a a promotional photographer for my very dear friend salon . a a barter service she always did my hair for free ! ! 0 year i had this deal going on . a you can imagine i wa pretty spoiled and did not want to start paying to get my hair did . i began coloring it myself . now a a licensed skin care specialist you pick thing up from the cosmetologist working with you.i killed it , fried it and melted it . my hair wa in dire straight ! i have dark hair but i love being a red head . marcia cross red to be exact . whoop ! lightening that many level should not ever be done by a novice . what can i say ? i am stubborn that way , and think i can do it all ! i reached out to emilio for help ! i have to say that after many hour of laying down color he managed to make my hair healthy again and i left feeling like a movie star . a red headed movie star ! i wa flipping my hair all the way to the parking garage and even did a photo-shoot later that evening . yes i did a photo-shoot because i needed a professional head shot for my work portfolio.i do not know if i am being too harsh but my hair did turn out much darker than i had wanted it to be . i know sometimes it is hard to predict the outcome when mixing chemistry . the other problem i had wa the price tag , or the surprise when i went to pay . $ 250.00 for a color correction ! i know this is normal sometimes when fixing the damage but it is also crucial to give your client some kind of idea on payment . i had gone in for color estimated at around $ 70 . i think they did a decent job but for that money it should have been closer to what i asked for . needle to say i have not been back but would recommend in a jam .
i have been to the downtown izzazu location several time ( i have not yet had the chance to check out their new dig , however ) and have always left really pleased.i have used their waxing and haircut service and have had no complaint . in both area , the girl i worked with took the time to listen to me before beginning work and i ended up with exactly what i wa looking for . i always got compliment on my hair after getting it cut . a for price - their stylist are tiered and have different price scale . i asked while on the phone making my appointment and had no surprise . after trying many salon that did not make the cut ( yay pun ! ) and ending up with bang , mullet , and other horrible cut , i am sticking with izzazu .
sadly , the professionalism of the front desk never got better . despite emilio is assurance that change were being made , my latest visit proved otherwise . i called ahead and wa assured that marshall wa on time ... in fact , he did not have an appointment ahead of mine and could take me a soon a i got there . i wa there a few minute before my appointment . i waited . and waited . fifteen minute later , i asked if marshall knew i wa waiting . i wa told by the brunette that they had been busy . odd , she , the blonde and two other employee had been standing there talking for a while . she went back to notify marshall . when marshall came up front to get me , the brunette admonished him that he should keep an eye out for his client - she should not have to notify him that his appointment is there . wow . and the purpose of a receptionist is ... .what ? i am done . i am out . apparently nothing will help izzazu is but getting rid of the front desk staff . on a positive note , it wa another great cut . not good enough to lure me back , though .
i have been going to izzazu for almost 5 year , and i have never had a bad experience . i go to megan , who is delightful and also give great haircuts.i have never had an extensive wait - i used to be able to get a cut on my lunch when i worked downtown . the only reason i did not give four star wa the cost . haricuts are 50 dollar with my stylist which is a bit pricey , but a i have learned , you get what you pay for . i have noticed complaint from other reviewer regarding coloring service , but i do not color , so i can not speak to that . also , they are no longer located on the blvd of the ally - they are on 5th and wood now . the new salon space is very clean and beautiful . the location is great if you work downtown , which i no longer do , but they have extended hour , so i am still able to make it down there on a week night .
i have been going to izzazu for a very long time , almost 7 year now . i have always gone to cesare and will never stray from him ! the first time i went into him , i wa 18 year old and had some crazy red , blond and black hair . he really helped me go back to my natural color without damaging my hair ( even with color stripping ! ) he always know exactly what i want , but is not afraid to give me suggestion to liven up my look . he literally doe the best color and cut in the city . and believe me , i have done some crazy stuff with my hair with a lot of hair dresser . the atmosphere is very hip/chic and make me feel like a celebrity when i go there ! also , i love their product line . i still only use izzazu leave-in conditioner , hairspray and dry shampoo , even while spending over half of my year away from pittsburgh at school.the loss of one star go to the attitude at reception . i understand it ha compelled people to give them 1 star , but it is a salon , meant for cosmetic service . you are not going there for the reception . but , it would not hurt them to smile or be a little le brash .
in sum the service wa great , both at the reception area and with the stylist . i wa extremely please with the low-lights i requested a well a the hair cut and style . let alone , the numerous compliment i received from others about my cut , color , and style.i wa admittedly skeptical of buying the groupon i used yesterday [ $ 65.00 off salon service ] , given the location that wa closest to me wa downtown . the address yelp ha listed is their old address . they are now located at 301 5th ave and have been since october of 2010 . my apprehension wa due to the downtown location . not so much parking per se , but loathing a pretentious salon atmosphere . pittsburgh salon never seem to lack pretension and not surprisingly if you have read my other review pretension is something i could not abhor more . nevertheless , the reception staff and my stylist were very courteous and service oriented . thankfully , hoity-toity is not a word i could use to describe either of them.as i have never been to an izzazu salon before , nor have i asked my friend if they have either , i did not know which stylist to request . when i made my appointment i asked the woman , `` who would you want to color and cut your hair ? '' i wa told frank is an excellent stylist and had availability for the time i requested . frank wa knowledgeable , personable , and kind . he wa meticulous and diligent about the low-light placement a well a making sure i have the proper amount of them . too often , especially when using groupons stylist hurry through placement and provide them sparsely . but this stylist did not forget the point of business choosing to provide groupons . provide excellent service , and those new customer will return ! i have read one or two other review that commented on dirty bowl and a lack of sanitation . perhaps i am not retentive enough to write a thorough review . i am not here to nit-pick business . not to say that i did notice my color bowl , it resembled a normal color bowl not dirty or offensive by any mean . perhaps in the past they possessed such bowl and learned the error of their way . or perhaps some people can never be pleased . all i can say , i wa not worried about any sanitation concerns.i highly recommend visiting this salon and requesting frank . nuff said .
emailed and called several time to get a pricing on having several service done at once a a graduation present to myself . i wa put on hold twice and never picked back up . email went unanswered . : ( i wa going to have so much done , too ! ! hair cut , color with highlight , spa manicure/pedicure and an hour massage ! all a a graduation present to myself but if they can not be attentive to prospective customer then i can not imagine that they will be attentive in the store . i will spend my money elsewhere !
rhi color my hair ! shes fantastic with foil & color ! ! always listens to your need & is enjoyable to talk to ! !
rhiannon performs amazing feat on my fine hair and is able to accommodate to any style/cut/color i throw at her - but not without making sure it is what i really want . she explains how a cut could work or not work for your face type/lifestyle , etc . and really take the time to listen . she is both professional and personable and i would not want anyone else to fix my hair woe but her !
unbelievable experience ! literally unbelievable . i waited 50 minute and finally walked out . receptionist were beyond awful . i booked 3 style appointment in advance for a wedding . one person wa taken right away , 20 minute later the second person wa taken . i waited 50 minute while being ignored by the receptionist . i can celled because the others were almost done and we would be running late . my stylist finally came out and said he will quickly do my hair . what ! ! i am not paying $ 100 to get rushed service . we were looking forward to a relaxing , fun experience . more unbelievable , i waited 20 minute to pay for the two service . one receptionist could not take transaction and another wa occupied with a wedding party . i wa so close to walking out and not paying . unfortunately the two stylist did not get a tip through no fault of their own . i can not give an unbiased opinion of their work a i am still furious in the way i wa treated . i would expect some ambiance at $ 100 for shampoo & style . i could never recommend izzazu . denham & company is on market square , their rate are reasonable and within walking distance of the fairmont . i am calling the concierge tomorrow informing her of my experience .
i have been going to meg f. for two year and i have loved every cut she is ever given me . she listens to what i want but also always talk to me about how my hair type will respond to certain style . i have difficult thick wavy hair and she doe a great job managing my hair and teaching me trick on how to style at home . plus , she is very nice and always in a great mood so i really enjoy my time there . izzazu ha a beautiful new location , right downtown next to the capital grille . parking is super easy , too . if you tell the people at the garage on oliver street you have an appointment there are reserved spot and you can just take the elevator right up to the salon . great for bridal party , too they have a gorgeous place for group called the serata . it is a formal styling suite for group and private party , really unique !
val is the best at the downtown location . i have had horrible mess-up from other salon and she is able to fix them immediately . i will never go to anybody else . she listens to what i want and is able to perform ...
friendly - exceptional talent - multiple service - top notch - check it out at least once .
had a first time appointment with kyle . waited maybe 10 minute in reception until she took me back . she wa very nice and despite my box color and general lack of style , i did not feel judged . not only is she an amazing colorist but she is fast too ! a little over 2 hour for the work - cut , color , highlights/lowlights , blowout , and i have long hair . i did not sit under a hair dryer or have to be toned , i am still trying to figure out how she did it ! i see blonde , yes , blonde highlight in my hair , and not orangey streak . week later and i am still feeling fabulous , will definitely be back .
i wanted to find a new place and tried the wexford location since i live nearby after seeing a coupon for a haircut . omg , i have an appointment this weekend to get my hair fixed , though it will be hard to do because i went in for a trim and i lost about 5 inch of hair and it is still uneven . my part which wa on the left is now kinda zig zagged and my hair stick up and out all over . i asked often about the hair being cut and i wa told it wa not much length but helping to get rid of the volume ( i have thick hair ) . yea , well 3 inch cut with my hair wet is now over 5 inch dry because of how curly my hair is , which i mentioned oh , i do not know maybe 100 time b/c she kept asking me about doing a treatment to straighten it . no wonder they need coupon for customer . and i still tipped her because how bad i felt for her because she wa telling me how poor she is because of her divorce . i should have just walked out when i wa left waiting for over 30 minute without anyone saying a word about it .
anna kharitonov at izzazu , is , in a word , amazing . her keen understanding of what service truly mean is unparalleled ! the pedicure i received wa excellent , but more importantly she made it a priority that i relax and enjoy the whole experience . she is professional , skilled and genuine ... a breath of fresh air !
i bought a groupon that advertised $ 25 for a shampoo , cut and style that wa regularly $ 70 ( 64 % discount ) . all of that wa great ! craig did my hair and he wa excellent and professional . my problem is the price of the groupon . i did not get to choose one of the hairdresser , which i totally understand . however , when i wa leaving . i wanted to leave a tip based on the full cost of the service , not the groupon price . i asked the receptionist and she said that the service i received wa $ 30 ! that is nowhere near 64 % off ! i just feel that i wa mislead .
i highly recommend ziggy to anyone looking for amazing color ! i went to him for the first time today , and showed him a photo of the blonde hair that i coveted . after a thorough consultation , ziggy gave me exactly what i wanted ! i have never gotten the exact color that i wanted before , and i am just thrilled with the result ! ziggy wa extremely knowledgeable , kind and talented . not only do i love my new color but , the overall experience at izzazu wa top notch . i will definitely be going back to ziggy and izzazu ! thank you again , ziggy !
i make special trip to pittsburgh from virginia just to have annie h. cut , color and style my hair . she know the latest and greatest in hair fashion and i always get stopped on the street to ask where i got my hair done ( even for many month afterwards ) . she is very skilled at what she doe and my hair look like what you see in a magazine , no joke . you want the balayage or ombre done right ? see annie . it really is a skill to do it a it is supposed to be done . love her !
i arrived for my appointment at 1 o'clock on time and after sitting and waiting for half an hour wa told that the stylist wa running behind and it would be at least another half an hour until she could get to me . i guess her time or the current customer is time wa more important than mine . i did not stay to find out how the haircut would have gone .
i came in on a groupon . they were kind to squeeze me in the same day i called and within the hour . however when i got there , it appeared the stylist did not know yet so when the one receptionist left to tell him , the other said to her , `` he is going to kill you . '' granted , i did not know what they were talking about ... but whatever that statement meant , it did not make me feel welcomed.but when the stylist washed my hair , he literally only massaged the shampoo into half of my head , rinsed it out for 10 second , and finished `` washing my hair '' in the speediest time ever.he also went on to give me the fastest haircut i have ever had . when i asked for side bang , he basically refused and just trimmed my hair that would be side bang . and when i told him my that my hair is naturally shiny and i do not like product in it , he still put oil in my hair without asking . he wa nice and did a nice job blow-drying my hair , but i wa very disappointed with my cut .
my mother is a hairdresser and so she ha done my hair my whole life . aside from a mall stylist trim in texas , and a cut from my bestie is mom , no one else ha ever touched my hair . i just wanted to say that hilary took a much time with my thin hair a she would have with a full mane of lock which made me feel pretty special . not only that , but her attention to detail made my cut hold it shape for nearly 2 month . she also give the best blowout i have ever had ... so ... do not tell my mom .
poor planning . i called and made the appointment , and then while i wa driving to the appointment the receptionist called and said my stylist had the flu ( i completely understand people get sick ) . this wa going to be my first time at the salon , and they had no way of working me in to their schedule that day at all- that i had taken off of work for the appointment . if someone is sick that is okay , but you should be able to call them before they are on their way to the appointment and/or give another option of a different opening that day .
just had my hair done love it ! ! got a groupon and wa a little hesitant but so glad i did meg wa my stylist she wa so nice super friendly and did a great job look like i will definatly be going back
great pizza , and the calzones are huge . relaxed atmosphere ; try the jukebox if you want to hear an old hit . once , they forgot a topping on our order . they not only fixed the mistake , but they threw in a two liter just for our trouble . also great for takeout or grabbing a slice at lunch time .
we were wanting to order take-out one night and looked through our folder of coupon to pick a place . after being `` pizza will out , '' we decided to try miaetta is due to their $ 20 deal ( wing , hoagie , fry and a soda ) . the food wa good . nothing spectacular . the wing were sort of dainty , though i feel they compensated by giving u more than a dozen . the garlic parm sauce wa also very light . they could have been a bit more generous . we ordered the miaetta hoagie which wa pretty much like a club . once again , good but nothing to write home about . i could have made the same sandwich myself . fry were standard . one thing to add - i found it strange that they only had four soda to choose from : pepsi , mt . dew , a generic juice and something else . considering this place is extremely close to u , i would stop back to try other thing on the menu . according to the other review on yelp , their gourmet italian food is what they are known for . now we know what to order next time . my boyfriend said the scene on the inside wa very old fashioned and homey , so i will love to check them out again but perhaps dining in rather than take-out . i love nothing more than a good 'ole mom and pop kitchen !
maietta catered our party and they provided wonderfully delicious food at a great price . the food wa delivered promptly and it wa an amazing treat . i would use them again in a heartbeat .
if i wanted to blow up a spot , this pizza place is in very limited company with sam is sun sandwich also on brownsville road . extremely tasty pizza dough , the sauce is flavorful and portioned perfectly , the cheese is browned and balanced just like it oughtta be . i have not had other menu item , so consider this review by the pizza only . great price also , be sure and eat your pizza fresh , do not call in the order for delivery , or pick it up late . got to eat it fresh on the spot to really appreciate how good this is
my favorite ice cream place in pittsburgh ... they have over a dozen variety of soft serve ... caramel , coconut , peach , pineapple , peanut butter ... and i can never decide which to get . they are all yummy . i have never tried the food , but who care , it is all about the soft serve !
the best place for an artic swirl . : )
i love this place more than any other place ever before in the history of place and me eating at them.not only is the ice cream made from local hero , turner dairy , but the man who operates this fine establishment , chuck page , is one of the friendliest people in pittsburgh.there are so many option , i hate to say i have gotten the same thing more than twice , a couple of faves : thin mint artic swirlcoffee ice cream with chocolate sprinklessouthside shake ! ! ! ( sundae on top of a milkshake ) best ever !
i grew up in baldwin , so a a kid , the family and i would always frequent this place often . the best ice cream around ! ! ! i have to agree the arctic swirl is the best around ! ! ! i suggest you try the chocolate covered pretzel ! ! ! yumm-o ! ! ! ! good price and fantastic people working there ! ! !
i love little soft serve place like this . the ice cream here get an a+ . i had my classic -- small vanilla cone dipped in rainbow sprinkle . people were talking about their family memory from when they will eaten here in summer past in line -- i am not from the area , but it seems to be somewhat of an institution . just on our first stop we saw family of all age , couple , bikers ... everyone can enjoy this place . definitely stop by if you are headed to the south side !
i have been coming to page is since i wa a kid and at 25 i still get that `` yay ice cream ! '' feeling when i go here . their soft serve ice cream is great and their hawaiian ice/slushes come in several different flavor . the dip on their ice cream cone are very good and very popular a well . however , my favorite thing to get their is their artic swirl which also come in distinct and fun flavor ( i really enjoy the banana cream pie ) . did i mention the great price and friendly staff ? this place ha been a staple of the south hill and it never fails to attract a large crowd of people . you can not go wrong with page is !
the place is fine and i can see it having a warm place in people ' heart if they went there a a young child . i imagine i have a similar place for dairy queen dipped cone since there used to be a dq within two block of my house when i grew up . regardless , at the end of the day , the ice cream itself is just good and is certainly nothing great or special . when i visited i had some soft serve and they offer lot of flavor option , however , we are not talking glen is custard or anything of that level of taste or creaminess . it is just some all-around standard or above average soft serve . not much more.atmosphere : i can understand having a long attachment to the place based on the atmosphere . page dairy mart really attempt to show it history by seemingly keeping thing `` old-fashioned '' and i imagine the exterior and many element have stayed the same for generations.at the end of the day , this is a good place for some ice cream . nothing fantastic . nothing to travel across the city , state , or country to visit . certainly not something worthy of a perfect five star .
this is a cool little ice cream stand that ha apparently been in this location for quite some time . their advertising reach is not very far , but if you get close to them you will see and be inundated by the colorful myriad of amusing bandit sign that are posted . what caught my eye ? the orange sign that looked like it belonged to a construction company that said , `` ice cream in 500 ft. '' point for originality and tenacity . for my first visit , i ordered the following : apple dumpling sundaevanilla ice cream with chocolate saucethe associate were nice and quick and i enjoyed my apply dumpling sundae . it wa not too sweet and had really good apple and cinnamon flavor . i really liked the dichotomy and juxtaposition of the hot of the apple against the cold of the ice cream . a true testament to their popularity is the fact that they still have patron awaiting their fare when it is 50 degree outside . i want to try so much more of what they have to offer .
this is one of the place we miss the most since moving from pittsburgh . we visit every time we are here during it open month though . a visit a few week ago wa just a good a ever ! i adore their southside shake ( half shake half sundae ) . their homemade ice cream cooky rock a well ! and i love that they put plastic cover with a lip on their ice cream cone . help keep little ( and big ) hand clean while enjoying a cone . price can not be beat , the line move fast , and everyone is always friendly . will be back the next time we visit for sure !
best place close to the city for a dippy cone ! i grew up in small town that hosted a whippy dip ! every time i see this type of privately run ice cream shop it reminds me of home and lazy summer day with my girlfriend . riding bike to the local pool , playing at the beach on lakeside , or causing a ruckus at the whippy dip ! oh , sooo serious summer romance ... flirting with boy while throwing ice from our slushies wa a regular occurrence.finally , a warm spring day on the book and the only place i want to go is the page . the location is so weird ! under this huge bridge away from any greenery or picnic table next to a low end used car dealer . i suggest grabbing your food and heading elsewhere . there is always some sort of line and it get worse on the weekend . these guy and gal are pro when it come to ice cream and will recite all the flavor with speed that you might miss them . it is kind of like the cheese steak place in philly . know your order when you get to the counter , pay , and move over ! they have so many flavor of ice cream ! the menu is extensive , you can get anything here , brgrs , fry , hot fudge brownie sundae , or a banana split ! i will be back all summer !
this is one of many hidden gem here in the burgh . check it out , freaky good ice cream , better blizzard than dairy queen , shake that would have ronald mcdonald spinning in his grave if he were dead . i love page is dairy mart , and look forward to opening day every spring , then go at least every week on those warm summer night and have a cone or my favorite , peanut butter chocolate ice cream with butterfingers and reeses peanut butter cup running through it . then i go run for two hour to burn it off , but it is worth it.why four star ? bad intersection ( carson and beck is run ) and parking can be a motherbucket.you are still sitting there reading this ? go to page is now !
i have lived in the area of page is dairy mart for about 40 yr . i have always enjoyed the ice cream until '' this '' day . i ordered an artic swirl ( chocolate ice cream with chocolate chip cookie dough ) i have ordered this same item over and over again . when i took first taste , no chocolate chip cookie dough piece , second taste , same thing , third taste , same thing and so on for approximately 5 or 6 taste . i took the cup with remaining up to counter and asked them to remake , i wa denied told it would waste `` their '' money , nothing about mine , what i had ordered wa more expensive than plain chocolate ice cream . they dumped what wa in the medium cup into a small and handed back to me . well it wa not even a medium desert , since it fit into a small cup . i even tipped the girl $ 2 when i first received my desert . i will never return , to make any other purchase . i will however return to express my disdain to the owner when i can find him there . i hope he read this .
considering my absolute love for sweet - and more specifically , ice cream - it just doe not make sense that it took me nearly 6 year of living in pittsburgh to go to page dairy mart . the only bad thing is that it is too close to where we live , so i can expect my sugar intake to go through the roof now.as you walk up , it is easy to be overwhelmed by the signage and menu , a they seem to have everything that you could ever imagine . in fact , you might just be better off walking up and ordering whatever you want without looking at the menu . odds are , they will just smile and run off to make it . i mean , if they have toasted coconut soft serve ice cream , what do not they have , right ? the people that work there are all really pleasant and the ice cream is excellent ! it is cash only , so that might be a downside if you are just randomly stopping by for the first time , but it is one place where the long line are truly warranted in this town . do not worry , though , usually the line is not actually long at all . they take your order quickly at page and your order will actually be up impressively fast for the amount of people ordering thanks to page dairy mart is army of ice cream server on staff . that `` line '' of people will disappear a quickly a a new one appears.a night ha not gone by since our first visit that my wife and i have not wanted to go back . only our conscious willpower ha kept u away , and there are not a lot of place that have left me feeling that way , so kudos to page dairy mart and their staff ! heck , it is snowing today , and i am probably going to go !
amazing . historical . unique . affordable . efficiently run . pittsburgh gem !
hubby and i have taken to driving up carson street to get to the southside in order to avoid that horrendous traffic in squirrel hill . we drove by page dairy mart a few time and each time he would casually mention that he would like to go there someday.well , we did.i wish i could comment on one of the delicious looking sundae , but i am watching what i eat soooo ... frozen yogurt it was.what i can say is that the yogurt wa smooth and creamy and i love that they have a ton of flavor they can `` mix into '' the yogurt so you can get almost any flavor you want . hubby had a cone of regular soft serve ice cream and said it wa really yummy . he also had an order of cheese stick and said they were just o.k. , so we will probably stick to ice cream/frozen yogurt from this place.the kid working were fast and friendly so we left them a nice tip . a someone who worked her way through college working at a frozen yogurt shop i can say -- tip your server , even if just your change -- they will greatly appreciate it . : - )
dear god , everything on the menu sound like my personal heaven . shake , sundea is , split , soft server ... give . it . all . to . me ! my friend and i were driving through homestead past nancy b is bakery when she said `` you know page diary mart make an ice cream sundae with her homemade chocolate chip cooky ? '' no more word needed to be said between u . the decision wa silently made that we will head down carson street and there a no stopping u ! the only child in me wanted to order the entire chocolate chip cookie sundae for myself . the calorie counting adult in me knew the right decision would be to split it . i mean , let is get real ... this thing is monster size ! you can easily split it but ... i could easily gobble that whole thing down in one sitting ! it wa amazing ! we watched them heat up the cooky and toss them into the soft serve vanilla ice cream that melted it just enough that it mixed in perfectly with the warm chocolate chip cookie . add hot fudge and it wa ice cream overload to the max . but in the best way possible . me think i will be stopping here a lot this summer ... it can not be avoided !
can not go wrong with this place . we have been here a few time and i always get the same thing ( small chocolate ice cream in a cone ) but now that i am reading other review , i need to switch it up and try something else . plenty of parking for this sweet little place .
this place is a great ice cream shop . my favorite is the birch beer float . delicious and under $ 2 . a blueberry shake wa made with real blueberry . really , i have not had a bad item here . just make sure you bring cash , that is all they take .
stopped in here after a bit of night time sightseeing of pittsburgh . my sister and brother-in-law , who are the one who live in pitt , had never been here before , so we were all newbie ! huge plus that it is open until 11pm on weekday . this little place is great . you walk up to the order window , pick from a handful of different soft serve favor and cone choice , and are given your fresh ice cream in no time ! i ordered the strawberry soft serve in a waffle cone . huge portion , and le than $ 3 ! obviously shocking to me a a native new yorker , since nothing around here is ever that cheap . my sister had cheesecake soft serve , my other sister had blueberry soft serve , both also in waffle cone . my brother-in-law had key lime soft serve in a pretzel cone ! so unique and actually really delicious , having that savory/sweet thing going on . 4 cone of ice cream for le than $ 12 . fresh , homemade ice cream , with really nice staff . i look forward to my next visit to pittsburgh , so i can enjoy this place again !
dear page dairy mart , why , oh why are not you open year round . your soft serve is to die for . your arctic swirl are divine . the krunchies are superior . when the day come in the spring when you open , this is the best day in ice cream heaven . but when you close , this is a tragic day for u all . a summer is nearing it end , i wonder , `` why are you not open year round ? `` sincerely , jwhat to get : twist in a cone with krunchies , pretzel arctic swirl
damn good ice cream . i love a great generational dining experience , my grandma took me here when i wa a little girl and this past weekend i got to share the experience with my boyfriend his mom and nephews.i ordered a traditional banana split , but really i wanted to have one of everything on the menu . the strawberry are real strawberry ! ! ! that alone set page dairy mart a part from the rest .
have driven by this establishment many time when i lived in pittsburgh and in my visit , but i never pulled over to sample the good . that is until today and it wa really good ! do not be swayed by the line . the staff is really efficient and move quickly . price are reasonable and portion are huge . although i wa really impressed by the different flavor of soft serve and that they are all homemade , i saw the sign for the apple dumpling sundae so i opted for that instead . my aunt went with a classic chocolate shake . the sundae is massive and the ice cream wa so good , some of the best vanilla that i have had . only critique is that the core part of the dessert were canned and were too sweet and sugary ( - a star ) even though i do not opt for anything vanilla in life , i think i might squeeze in one more scoop on this trip !
if you never drove down east carson street , you are missing out on pagedm . not far from the hopping sside but in a strange looking spot next to a bridge and at a not so fun corner with a little parking lot.but the ice cream is to scream for ! flavored soft serve ice cream , a yinzburg sundae , a vanilla shake with some real vanilla flavoring.the original root beer barrel is still in the window ! delicious.cash only .
in my opinion , soft serve is the best kind of ice cream . i love dave and andy is , but i have lost many scoop trying to lick my ice cream and it tumbling off the cone and right onto the hot cement of forbes ave. ( the 5 second rule doe not apply here ! ! ) . i adore page is because it ha everything ! it reminds me of home , where i can go to pappy is in uniontown or bill is in belle vernon , place you can grab a burger , fry , nacho , a sundae , shake , or cone . variety is the spice of life ! ! ! while you are waiting in line , make sure to read the news paper clipping about the root beer barrel dj j mentioned.the parking area is weird and difficult in my opinion .
great ice-cream at a reasonable price . i love their chocolate banana milkshake .
get a southside shake with hot fudge shake and peanut butter sundae on top - absolutely amazing !
great ice cream . i used to come here all the time when i lived closer . the ice cream is great and the food is pretty good a well . just your typical burger , chicken finger and other fast food but still decent tasting .
i love page is ! it is a pittsburgh staple that give the summer month a sweeter taste ! i went to page is last week and it wa delicious a always ! this time i thought to treat my puppy to a small cup of vanilla ice cream . i asked the lady at the counter for a small to-go cup of vanilla ice cream for my puppy ! when i got home and went to give my dog the cup i saw a milkbone topper that she had placed in his ice cream ! it wa a perfect added touch that will keep u coming back ! thank you !
there is absolutely nothing wrong with page dairy mart . i just moved to pittsburgh le than a year ago . i work on the south side and found myself making a number of drive to homestead down carson st . the first time i passed this place , i wa intrigued by it old-timey look . i passed by a numebr of time before i stopped for a butterscotch sundae . it wa ridiculously good . so , i did a little research . turn out page dairy mart ha been in the same location for about a hundred year . it wa a gas station for a long time , it wa a service station , they had a farm stand in there for a number of year and it wa twice slammed by flood water from the nearby monongahela river . but it still there , serving delicious ice cream treat , burger and handmade lemonade . i am tempted to go there every week in the summer . i went today and i think i may go back next week too . yes , the parking is a little weird , but you will not be there for more than about 20 minute .
best softserve in the burgh hand down the cooky are hot ! you must try the chocolate chip cookie sundae .
the best soft serve i have ever had . some flavor are better than others . of the mint chocolate chip , toasted coconut , and pistachio that i tried last night ( what can i say , i wa hungry ) the toasted coconut wa the best . it ha real piece of toasted coconut.a very good value for your money.do not expect to find any seating here .
i will rate this joint 10 million star if i could . best ice cream in pgh ! ! ! they serve sundae , milkshake , and the old school cherry dip cone . cool historic photo adorn the building in the back , showing how the intersection/ area looked about 100 year ago . i love page dairy mart so much i want to marry it .
best ice cream place in the 412 without a doubt ! ! being from homestead i grew up on nancy b chocolate chip cookies.and paige is nancy b cookie sundae is like heaven on earth it is worth the long line wait they usually have every night
bring cash ! extremely cheap ice cream but it is the very best in this region . we are not wasting our time at dairy queen any longer . they are open for most of the year but close in the winter month . this is our new weekly tradition .
this place is a little gem ! hidden just down e carson , past all the shop and busy street there is a tiny little unassuming building on a large corner lot . i have never been a fan of soft serve or gone out of my way for it , but this place will make you do just that . not to mention the fresh squeezed lemonade made to order ( yes , they squeeze the lemon right into your cup . ) burger and fry are also made to order , so be prepared for a short wait while you prepare mentally for the heaven you are about to consume . i am not a fan of their fry ( they tasted like they were made in old grease ) but wow that cheeseburger . i have a small appetite and can not usually finish most thing - so when i ordered my burger and fry i let the bf know he wa expected to finish it for me . little did we know he would not get any of that delicious burger , because the second i took the first bite the rest magically disappeared . oh ! they also have old fashioned dip cone which are one of my favs . definitely recommended .
i have had lot of item off of their large menu and everything ha been good .
what can i say ? this place is iconic here in the south hill of pittsburgh . rich with history , you can not go wrong on a summer is eve with their treat . i have never tasted their actual food ( they keep adding non-dessert item to their menu ) , but there is something about their plain old soft-serve that doe the trick . i think it is just the fact that it is from page is that make it so good . they also have great milkshake , dirt sundae and countless variety of snow cone flavor . there may be a line to the street , but it is worth it . skip diary queen and make your way down the street .
pina colada soft serve .
i visited this place last night on a bike ride , which allowed me to feel le guilty about my small chocolate-dipped cone . i would not call myself a huge fan of soft serve ice cream in general , but the stuff they serve here is so incredibly smooth and creamy ! i have been here twice before , and one of these time , i ordered the chocolate chip cookie sundae , which wa incredible ! the warmth of the cookie and hot fudge , and the coolness of the ice cream wa pure bliss . while there last night , i saw a sign in the window advertising a cinnamon roll sundae -- guess i know what i am getting next time ! edit : tried the cinnamon roll sundae , and wa given a stale cinnamon roll . also , they did not have maple syrup the day i ordered it , and it tasted weird with butterscotch syrup . i will be sticking to the cookie and brownie sundae from now on . 4.5 star .
quite possibly the best ice cream place outside of sarris in pittsburgh . that is all .
if you ever ride down carson and pas this little place . turn the car around and stop in ! . the line can be ridiculously long but it move very fast and the ice cream is worth it ! blueberry soft serve alone is worth the trip . i love the pretzel cone . if you really want to indulge , have a chocolate chip sundae , you will thank me later ! great find !
page is is the best . a a dairy lover , i also happen to be lactose intolerant , and so most of my dairy outing are spent wondering if it wa worth it . whenever i hit up page is , the answer is always , without any hesitation , yes . it wa very worth it.get your soft serve dipped , get it with a freshly warm cookie or brownie , and if you can not decide , get a little bit of everything ( really , it is an option ) . do not want ice cream ? get a burger ! but , actually , get ice cream . why would you not want ice cream ? the line move fast , the people are awesome , and the ice cream make it all worth it .
page is ha wa a staple of my childhood and young adult life . there ice cream is great and their price are good -- evident by the line that is always out to carson st . i wish they had a tent with seating . it rain . . .alot in pittsburgh . eating in your car is the signature of this place but i wish there wa some covered seating .
i have been coming to page is since i wa about 5 , literally . i love it . it is a local favorite for sure and for many reason . 1 ) the history behind page is ... literally if you walk behind page is there are old photo of what the building used to look like and some south side history : p. 2 ) their ice cream is incredibleeee . they have a ton of unique flavor and combination . my favorite item on the menu is their strawberry sundae with twist ice cream , with an esther is chocolate covered pretzel on the side . pure heaven . 3 ) their food is amazing a well . i love their south side hot dog ! it is unique and amazing.. toast bun , grilled dog and chilli sauce.. so good . their fry are awesome a well . i also adore their lemonade , both regular and freckled . keep in mind they are cash only though !
page is is a pittsburgh icon . the ice cream is good , the selection is vast , and the price is right . they have so many different thing to try , it is nearly impossible to choose . i am a big fan of the cookie sundae , brownie sundae , and cinnamon roll sundae . the option at this place are pretty much endless . but sometimes a regular soft serve sugar cone is the way to go . it is better than dairy queen , and you support a local business by going here . what more could you ask for . i do not know if i would say that page is ha particularly superior soft serve , but it is the experience and variety that make this a four star place . i do think the ice cream is better than somewhere like dairy queen , but not by much . what make page is special is wide variety of option and soft serve flavor . it is also the nostalgia that go along with it . it is a business that ha not changed much in it is lifetime , and that is what most people like about it . you can count on page is to be there every march-october . they are going to offer the same treat you loved a a kid for your whole lifetime . it represents the change of the season and brings back memory for people . it mean a lot more to people than just a summertime ice cream stop . for those who have never been there , there is no interior so you will have to eat in your car or standing outside . i prefer to open the back of my suv , sit there and enjoy the night while i eat my ice cream . the parking lot is hectic and downright scary sometimes . i typically avoid this place on busy night just for that reason . beware , they only accept cash . but there is an atm on site !
the best ice cream in pittsburgh ! i have had so many different sundae over the year . i recommend asking for vanilla with hot fudge and marshmallow sauce with graham cracker for a s'mores sundae . it is not posted in their window anymore but they will do it ! with the traffic from liberty tunnel closure rerouting past here , you should totally make a stop . it will be the best part of your commute .
page is is one of my favorite place to go for ice cream in pittsburgh . it is a pretty cheap place to go for the amount of ice cream that they give . i am a big fan of soft serve ice cream so if you are too then definitely check this place out . their cookie sundae and yinzer sundae are to die for and can easily be shared among 2 or 3 people . the only thing that i wish they would would do is give out sample of the ice cream flavor and take credit/debit card . they are known for their ice cream but they also have food ( burger , hot dog , nacho etc ) i personally never tried it . but i am sure it is good a well !
it is an average ice cream place . no more , no le . you can have the same product that taste the same at any dairy queen or tastee freeze . people give this place 5 star because they like to think they are special by knowing about some small ma and pop place .
if you are in pittsburgh , this is a must stop for ice cream . personally , i get a southside shake almost every time . it is a milkshake & a sundae . pretty cool , right ? i have had their version of a dq blizzard ( what they call them , i can not remember right now , sorry ) but it wa delicious . i got it with chocolate ice cream and reese is cup . the possibility are endless , seriously . my bf ha had their chocolate chip sundae & the brownie sundae . their cooky and brownie are both amazing and soft and tasty . they have food also , which i have not had the opportunity to try at this point but i have heard good thing . the price are more than reasonable . the parking is ample but it is sporadic , kinda just park where ya can , no designated space etc . the other down side is that there is always a line . unless it is raining etc . the line get insanely long but it is almost always worth the wait !
page is is a must have summer spot ! once you go once , i guarantee you will go back ! there ice cream is so good and there is so many different option to pick from ! you could pick something different each time you go there , and still never run out of option . not only do they have ice cream they also have food item such a hot dog , burger , nacho , etc . they get super busy on evening and the line can be pretty long , but it move quickly and it is part of the fun . they do not accept any card , only cash ... there is an atm outside of the building . the price are so reasonable also ! i love page is !
page is is the best ice cream place i have ever been to ! their ice cream is creamy and full of flavor and their artic swirl are filled with all the good stuff , no more digging at the bottom to find the good ! they use nancy b is decadent cooky , which show you they care about the quality of what go in their ice cream ! there is usually a line to wait in , no matter what the weather is , because everyone want a piece of page is ! the only small , teeny tiny issue i have is the location , while there is much history behind it ( refer to window for newspaper article ) , it is dangerous to pull in and out of on the corner of carson and beck run . i got in a horrible accident by someone who hit me coming out of fagel street , which is right behind the dairy mart , so just be careful pulling in and out of page is . other than that , this place is sure to melt your taste bud ! and it is wallet friendly too ! just bring the cash , no card accepted ( atm on location ) and make sure you get there before they close for winter ! !
this place wa just okay . i had the cookie sundae and my fiance had the brownie sundae . we both kind of watched , horrified , a the girl making our sundae ran our cooky and brownie through a warmer in one of those cheap plastic container . i mean i know i am eating ice cream which is sooo healthy , but a little cancer from warming up plastic with the food you are gon na eat never hurt anyone either ... the price for the sundae seemed a little high to me at first but the more i ate the more i realized we really did get our money is worth . this is definitely better than dairy queen and it ha a good ice cream shop atmosphere if you are looking for some good soft serve treat .
whoever doe not give page a 5 ha no soul . it is childhood everyday march-october . i love the pretzel cone , but everything is good .
most likely the best ice cream place in the area . it modern yet nostlagic . they are sure to have something for everyone . today i had a chocolate malt and it wa so legit i may just have to get another one tomorrow
it is open for spring ! wa pretty chilly out tonight but that did not stop u from waiting in line for what we have been waiting for all winter ! ! tonight i tried the cinnamon bun sundae topped with carmel and nut ! ! yum , no matter what you get you will love it ! ! !
the soft serve here is very tasty . they do the chocolate chip cookie sundae really well . they also pack in the flavor in the birthday cake soft serve . it is always very busy despite a run down makeshift parking area , not much curb appeal , and being cash only .
located beyond the crowded street of south side , page dairy mart ha been serving soft serve ice cream for over sixty year . the shop is open seasonally and the spring opening is a cause to celebrate , signaling the end of winter and beginning of warmer temperature . the menu and ice cream possibility are seemingly endless , from basic ice cream cone to the behemoth south side shake : a combination milkshake with a separate sundae on top . although i have yet to make a dent in the full menu , i recommend going for a classic on your first trip : a vanilla cone covered with jimmy . while the ice cream is tasty ( more so than similar chain ice cream shop throughout the city ) , the main appeal is the offbeat location and the celebratory camaraderie of the crowded parking lot during those long summer night . note : the shop is cash only , although there is an atm located on the side of the building .
everyone wait for page is to open in the spring and is sad when it close for the winter . it is a small establishment with no seating , but there is always a line at the order window . page is is a pittsburgh landmark . my family ha been going for 20 year but it is been around for many many year . page is serf hamburger , icecream cone , sundae , shake , pretty much anything you can do with ice cream . . . and it is all good . one of my favorite is is a sundae made with a nancy b is cookie . ( please tell me that you know what a nancy b cookie is ! ) but sometimes i order just a simple twist . people hang out in the parking lot and eat there ice cream . they bring their kid and dog and everyone is chatty and happy . it is a fun place to be .
i filmed my music video to a song called ice cream road here . this place will always be a place that is important to me in pittsburgh . beyond that , it is just a awesome family owned ice cream parlor.if there is a type of ice cream or sundae or frozen dairy concoction you love they got it . from blend in to banana split and hot fudge sundae and flavored soft serve . speaking of , you can combine flavor which i just learned of and blended peanut butter and banana , it tasted exactly how i had hoped.this place get ridiculously busy on a hot day so be ready to stand in line for a half hour if it one of those day . while you stand in line copy and paste the info below into youtubehittofmcm - ice cream roadyou can listen to introspective rap in front of the same place and road the video wa made while they blend your soft serve .
i have to go back to this place ! it is a gem hiding in an old gas station . i had the cinnamon roll sunday and it wa just big and amazing . i mean for $ 4.25 it wa big . i mean it is like the size of something from the cheesecake factory but with a price from the 90 . they have a massive selection and it is hard to pick . if everything is a good a what i had today i can not wait to try something different every time i go back from now on . this place is a must try .
i filmed my music video to a song called ice cream road here . this place will always be a place that is important to me in pittsburgh . beyond that , it is just a awesome family owned ice cream parlor.if there is a type of ice cream or sundae or frozen dairy concoction you love they got it . from blend in to banana split and hot fudge sundae and flavored soft serve . speaking of , you can combine flavor which i just learned of and blended peanut butter and banana , it tasted exactly how i had hoped.this place get ridiculously busy on a hot day so be ready to stand in line for a half hour if it one of those day . while you stand in line copy and paste the info below into youtubehittofmcm - ice crean roadyou can listen to introspective rap in front of the same place and road the video wa made while they blend your soft serve .
i have been waiting to try page dairy mart because i live so close , but didnt have access until i recently bought my car . we stopped in last night for the first time . there are soooooo many option . the menu itself is huge , then all around the window they advertise even more option ! ! i could not get a good look at the menu because the line wa long & head were in the way . the next thing i know , it wa my turn and i still could not decide . i asked if they had a brownie sundae and ordered that . bobby said he wa only thirsty and ordered a banana shake . i enjoyed my sundae but next time i will try something different that is on their menu . they had so many option for an arctic swirl so i am looking forward to trying one of those next . also , the banana split i noticed someone having wa gigantic . also , the ice cream itself on a cone even look delicious . i am so glad to finally have access here and to live a 5 minute drive away ! !
if you love soft serve , this is the place to go . there is history , tradition , the beauty of neon light , plus really wonderful ice cream.you simply must experience the blueberry soft serve which is usually a limited time offering ( not sure when it run , but they had it there last night , june 8 ) .page is cash only , just so you know . it is definitely worth the trip . there is a small parking lot , so you can sit and eat your ice cream , a you may need to give it your full attention.anyway , go for the nostalgia or go for the great ice cream , either way you win !
page is ... a love poemoh page is , how i love thee ... with your swirled frozen peaksand sundae covered in rainbow jimmy , leaf me smiling , cheek to cheek.page is ha been a regular family outing a far back a i can remember and clearly the popularity doe not stop with just my family . from opening day to closing you will find people willing to line up around the block to get their ice cream fix.no other ice cream location in pittsburgh even come close to rivaling this outstanding soft serve experience . our usual order consists of the basic : swirled soft serve ( cup or cone ) dipped in crunch or jimmies.not only do they have soft serve but also a wide variety of insane sundae creation and other novelty . and do not forget about the shaved ice - which come in basically ever flavor you could imagine.visiting page is is not just about ice cream , it is about making a pilgrimage to quite possibly the city is signature ice cream experience .
best place in pittsburgh for soft serve . the line is always long , but they are very efficient & it move quickly . i love that they incorporate so many local ingredients-nancy b is cooky & burnt almond torte .
i do not love ice cream , i am more of a salty snack girl , but this place is a dream come true . they just came out with their yearly blueberry soft serve magic . the sign on e carson leading up to page is tease me to stop in daily on my work commute but i could not pas up the blueberry and it did not disappoint ! there is something about the friendly neighborhood ice cream joint that open and close with the season . page is is a must try at least once a year , even if you do not love ice cream !
okay i had heard and read about this place since moving to this side of town and finally came . big waste of time and gas . they do not have ice cream , only soft serve . well i ordered butter pecan 'ice cream ' and what do they bring me ? vanilla ! wow are their server just lazy or dumb ?
over-hyped . i thought that page is tasted like an average soft-serve ice cream shop . i wa also surprised about the lack of flavor that they offered , there wa no cooky and cream or sorbets.i ordered a small chocolate chip ice cream with rainbow sprinkle and my boyfriend ordered the strawberry shortcake sundae . my chocolate chip ice cream tasted identical to breyer is boxed ice cream from the grocery store . i may have ordered the wrong item but because it is soft-serve ice cream they do not offer sample . my boyfriend had the strawberry shortcake sundae which had 3 piece of cake on the bottom , 2 scoop of vanilla ice cream , strawberry syrup , strawberry ( not fresh ) , almond and whipped cream . it wa huge and they did not allow him to swap flavor or make any adjustments.maybe my expectation of page is were too high , but when i had heard about this ice cream shop whose line wrapped down the street i knew i had to check this place out . when i went on a friday night there wa no line and the ice cream wa sub-par .
this place is not very good . i ordered a sundae and asked for a flavored ice cream but wa told they could only do chocolate or vanilla because of `` how they mix it '' . it is a sundae so no mixing is involved so i do not understand that . then when i got it , it wa missing half the topping that were listed in the description . definitely not a good a people claim . will not be going back .
dude ... the cookie sundaehidden between the waterfront and southside in a pretty random area , it is pretty easy to miss this place . surrounded by hill and located under a bridge . the only other thing nearby is a car place . but this is pittsburgh , it seems to me that some of the best thing in the city are hidden.ice cream is soft serve and is your pretty standard good ice cream : creamy , soft , cold , with authentic flavor . it is delicious . but honestly , good ice cream can be found in many place in pittsburgh.so what make this place stand out from all the other ice cream place in pittsburgh is the fact that they have delicious sundae . my favorite is the cookie sundae , which ha fresh-out-of-the-oven-melt-in-your-mouth cooky on top of a mountain of ice cream and hot fudge . they use nancy b is bakery cooky . yum.the menu is huge . so no , i have not tried everything . also , i have found love in the cookie sundae , so i may just stick to that.place is cash-only .
it is ok if you like soft serve and enormous amount of it . i am not a huge soft serve fan and i find the flavour of paige is very bland . so i t taste like cold sweet and that is about it . the atmosphere is great and it is worth a trip come here once just for that . i do not think it is worth a second trip though .
love this place . the soft serve is so yummy ! my mom always took u to get ice cream here in the summer when we came to visit . just stopped here two day ago and it wa just a delicious a i remembered ! i just hate trying to pull out of this place because traffic is always so busy in every direction .
page is ha become my family is go-to ice cream . my favorite is the birthday cake which contains actual birthday cake . if you are feeling sassy , ask them to dip it in peanut . there is always a line and parking can be dicey so bring your bike or compact car ! it can also be a pain to get out of this place when there is traffic .
i do not understand the big hype over this place . i think ( like many other pittsburgh place ) that this is a `` pittsburgh thing '' . i am also not a fan of soft served ice cream .
page dairy mart ( or simply pdm , a my friend and i call it ) is nothing short of wonderful . cheap price for giant , delicious ice cream treat . what more could you ask for ? it is a tiny little place ( window service only ) on a random corner underneath an overpass . but do not let the appearance and location fool you ; you will not leave disappointed.a personal favorite of mine is the chocolate chip cookie sundae . it is made with one of nancy b is chocolate cooky ( hand down one of the best cooky in existence -- in college i worked for a coffee shop that sold these , and we would literally rejoice when one broke in half because that meant we could not sell it and would get to eat it ) . anyway , the cookie is warmed up and served atop vanilla soft-serve ice cream with hot fudge and whipped cream . i think most people usually assume that all soft serve ice cream is basically the same , but page will prove you wrong . it reach a whole new level of creamy deliciousness . it is cash-only and there is usually a line , but it move quickly and the service is friendly . you will not be disappointed by this iconic summer favorite .
this is always our go-to ice cream place . my kid and i have been coming for year ! line can get a little hectic , but it is worth the chaos . they have everything from flavored soft serve , to tropical snow , to milkshake , to sundae , to arctic swirl ( blizzard ) . not to mention their other hot food , such a their fry and burger , plus straight-from-the-barrel root beer , all make for a pretty satisfying treat on a warm summer night .
on a busy saturday night , my friend took me here telling me that the ice cream here is very good . i tried the yinzer , which contained heath bar , chocolate and white chocolate piece in a warm hot caramel topping . it wa literally the calorie bomb , but i should have expected that ; i really felt a if i ate another meal because for the price of about $ 4.50 , the portion wa humongous . it wa delicious but little too sweet , but i am pretty sure that sweetness wa due to the caramel topping and whipping cream . all in all though , this is a good ice cream joint .
this is a nice drive-in ice cream mart which ha a wide variety of item including cone , shake , sundae , ... it is at a busy intersection and parking can be tricky and it can be crowded . the crowded time speak to it popularity though . with many place to choose for ice cream in pittsburgh , i come to page because it serf a wickedly good toasted coconut ice cream . well worth the trip even if you have to wait .
i love page dairy mart ( pdm for short ) . every spring for the 6 year that i lived in pittsburgh we would count down the day until pdm opened . pdm ha seen me at my best and my worst . i have paid mr . page in coin change i found on the floor of my car for a brownie sundae . i have gone twice in one day . i have waited in line way longer than i care to admit just for a sweet , sweet brownie sundae . these people are nice , good people . one fateful day my roommate and i decided to swing down to pdm for a sweet treat . little did i know i would face one of my life is greatest humiliation to date . after enjoying our ice cream , we went to get in the car to drive home and it would not start . it just wa not happening . we called aaa , we laughed a little bit , but a our wait grew longer and longer my dairy induced emergency grew more and more dire . i struggled , could i really ask them to use their restroom ? how totally embarrassing . y'all , i have seen the inside of pdm and it is just a incredible a you will ever imagine . thank you , kind high school boy , for letting me into your ice cream shop and into your heart . they may have made fun of me later , but in the moment they were super gracious and wonderful . pdm will always hold a special place in my heart . go ! and if your car will not start , do not fear . they will take care of you .
the line are always superrrrrrrrrr long , but well worth the wait . chocolate chip cookie sundae is to die for ! somehow the keep the cookie super soft , moist , and still warm like it wa fresh out of the over . many window so line move rather quickly . cash only which suck , but for a few there is an atm onsite
i do not know how i lived in pittsburgh for five year without trying this place . but i finally did and my life ha been changed ! i love ice cream and this place is just the best ! i love that they have so many flavor of soft serve - i think that set them apart from many other place . they also have so many unique sundae and other ice cream treat that i can not wait to try ! i do wish they had bicycle parking - my husband and i rode their bike down there and it started raining once we were there . there wa nowhere to lock up our bike , otherwise we would have just taken an uber home and come back for them later .
i have never had anything bad from here . anything from the amaretto soft serve , to the marshmallow milkshake , to the south side hot dog ( which i get with only mustard ) , it is all amazing . they are open most of the year , too ! it is cash only , so bring cash with you ( or pay the fee at the atm they have ) . they also have the famous nancy b cookie in a sundae . i always take out of towner here
despite the location under the railroad track , this ice cream rock . i love the endless option . the wait is not too long even if the line is long . yummmmmmmm .
what can i tell you that others have not already ? higher fat content make for a superior-tasting product . multiple flavor of everything , fresh , hot , made-to-order food , classic neon light and a drippy railroad bridge . it is a beautiful piece of mid-20th century american nostalgia . what is not to love ?
best soft serve in the burgh ! their peanut butter ice cream is to die for . i also think their chocolate is the best i have ever tasted . the line are always long but it go very fast - excellent , fast service and really great price . so glad i live so close !
i have not been to page since i wa a kid ! and it is a good a i remember it . if you like soft serve then they will have a flavor you will love.i really wanted to get a chocolate chip sundae . they make it with nancy b is cooky ( the best chocolate chip cookie i have ever had ) their sundae is are huge ! ! under $ 5 . decided to just get a small sunday with a cookie on the side ! peanut butter soft serve with hot fudge and a chocolate chip cookie on the side . perfect ! ! ! ! !
*fireworks light up the sky**page dairy mart shine like a kid on christmas morning**4 young-go hards walk in slow motion to the dairy mart line**slo-mo ice cream carnage**america is beautiful . ice cream is beautiful . life is beautiful*happy fourth of july , yinz guy .
when you want soft-serve ice cream in pittsburgh , this is where to go ! in addition to the usual vanilla and chocolate you will find at most place , page is ha a slew of other flavor like orange , mint chocolate chip , amaretto , pumpkin , and many more ! you really can not go wrong with any soft serve flavor . it seems that these flavor rotate depending on the season a well ; for instance , pumpkin only appears on the menu in the fall . i tend to stick to the simple small cone , but they have a huge variety of sundae and other way to enjoy the many soft serve flavor . not to mention , they have a few savory food item too , which i have yet to try . the line are long , but do not let that stop you because the wait is worth it . oh , and it is cash only , but they have an atm to the side of the building !
this is a deceptively large ace hardware . i usually only see an ace hardware this large when it is in a rural setting . the owner have expanded through several of the first floor of several adjoining building on the mt oliver main street.as with many of the business open in downtown mt oliver , parking is anemic . luckily , if you visit at the proper time you will not have to worry about finding a space since there is a large percentage of vacant spot . all of the associate at this ace are very friendly and more than willing to help answer any question you have . they do not have everything , but they do have a lot . and much like yin and yang , you can always visit the true value down the road to find what they do not have .
1 . ) they answer the phone - and can tell you whether they have what you are looking for.2 ) they are open weekday until 8pm . 3 ) they are open sunday until 5pm . 4 ) when you walk in , they ask what you are looking for and can direct you to exactly where it is.from canning to tiling , they have saved many of my project with a last-minute run up the street .
this is my go-to hardware store . wide inventory . knowledgeable and helpful . quick service . bonus : this store ha been in the same family for generation . honesty and hard work reflect their old-fashioned business ethic . i enjoy the feel of this place with it creaky old wooden floor . they give little extra pro-tips if you ask .
these guy ( and gal ) are so knowledgeable and helpful . they ask about what you are working on and then offer a solution , not just info on what thing to buy . there is always plenty of help available - they just seem to know how stuff work ( probably from personal experience ) , so you do not get lead astray and end up having to come back and return thing to them .
my boy m and i were trying to grill out on a sunday and needed a hose for the gas stove . the store closed at 5 on a sunday , and a it wa 4:50 , we were hurrying to catch them . calling ahead , we got a courteous young man that helped u with selection and ensured u that we would not arrive at a closed store . the price and selection are good and the service is nice . no complaint at all . we did buy the wrong thing , not a fault of the store , but a the clerk made sure to remind u to take our receipt , we were easily allowed to return it for the correct piece .
i have been driving by this little bakery for several year now and always wanting to stop in and try it . unfortunately , they are usually closed when i have the time to stop . i wa finally lucky enough to find them open at a time when i had a chance to stop and pop in . the case were le than half full and i found this a tad disconcerting and so asked the lady behind the counter why they were so empty . she said they they normally sell out of most of their fare very early in the day . luckily , they did have a small yellow cake with butter cream frosting . i ordered one and took it home.the cake wa good , but it wa not a good a some of the other bakery in the pittsburgh metro . i would never crave it , but i would return if the other bakery were closed at the time .
the cake icing is the best around ! however , the doughnut are not that great . but they do have one cream filled doughnut that is out of this world ! try the devil dog .
they have a great selection of donut and cookies..all of them look delcious ... i had some powered crumbly flaky thing ... obviously i am not sure what it called but it wa so soft and moist..my sister go here often so they must have good pastry ... the glaze donut looked soo good and they have these swirl cooky that are soft with a little snap to them ... i think like a shortbread.we will definitely come back but i am a lil sad there is only a bench inside and no actual seating..there is plenty of space for a table or two .
hey it is still standing.this store is always in complete disarray and in a declining neighborhood , but when i am on this side of town visiting my grandma we will stop in here to get everything for laundry detergent to lamp . i appreciate a good dollar store but this is not a good dollar store .
a good family dollar this is not ! every time i enter this lackluster ( and may i add dirty ) location , there is a 50/50 chance of the following : a ) that the store will only be about half stocked , or b ) that their stock order ha arrived , meaning that you now have the pleasure of tripping over pallet and large dolly full of unopened stock box everywhere ( which includes right in the middle of the aisle ) .the regular cashier are rude or flat out gross ( one time the cashier wa `` joking '' about killing herself a she wa ringing out customer ) . the only employee that treat you decently are the one that i notice have been there for year . the neighborhood itself is in disarray but i find that a poor excuse for this family dollar location to continuously be in such poor condition , a there is a rite aid right next door to this location that treat itself with respect and dignity.i am forced to keep visiting this cesspool of a family dollar location solely out of convenience . i do not have a car and the next nearest family dollar is a 45 minute walk ( a bit far when all you need is some cold medicine and dish soap ) . but you can bet the second my family obtains a vehicle , this `` family '' will be kissing my dollar goodbye !
i think the staff here are incredible . great value , clean , well lit store . i am always greeted and thanked when i go here . very nice store .
mmmmm . their egg drop soup is sooo good a is the general tso is , and they deliver fast !
horrible - they use chicken that is been out uncover all day . and they smoke around the food . : (
for pick-up or delivery , this place ha some damn good chinese food ! i am going to keep it short & sweet- they are quick ( we have played 'delivery game ' and ordered chinese & pizza at the same time and they have never been beat ) . the price are very reasonable- for the amount & portion you get . the quality & taste is a delicious a i have ever tasted for chinese . try it for yourself and come back to review- i will bet you will love it too ! btw- they do not smoke . there is a review on here that 'they smoke around the food ' but i have never seen it . i even asked them if they smoked and they said no . i have no idea why someone would lie about that other than to drive business to another place . so why did you lie ty g. ? hmm ... ?
this used to be my secret place , but i have told so many people about it that i have a hard time getting a reservation . i have known jonathan ( chef/owner ) for a few year and he is done some good improvement . he is added a bar upstairs which is very cool and they also have a patio that is great . i had a dinner party there in the summer and have another one planned in march and jonathan totally go the extra effort to make it special . he arranged for a dj last time , so we were able to dance off some of his food . okay , the food is great . i especially recommend the veal chop . the staff is awesome . i really like marney and errol ( two main server ) and i like jordan the bartender upstairs ( marney is daughter ) . i will like to give this place 5 star , but it ha a few smaller problem . it is a little bit pricey . the good is that the cost doe include salad , pasta , and bread , but the bad is that you will easily spend $ 50 on an entree . the veal chop is $ 65 . that is a little much , especially considering the location . the dish also which are delicious are simply toooooo big . i mean literally you can three meal out of one entree , i would suggest some smaller plate especially for the bar . one last tip , even though it is not byob anymore , you can still byob . he will not turn you away . this is one of my favorite restaurant . the chef is really talented and i will hazard a guess that if he wa in new york he could be a celebrity chef if he wanted . he is got the personality .
i got ta give my man jonathan kudos for some recent change he is implemented . the upstairs now ha a menu with smaller lighter item for the bar . i can now finally go here and just grab an app ' at the bar without having the customary food coma afterwards after his multicourse feast . he is upgraded the staff and kept the pro is from the past ( marney and errol ) . steve and clint are good newer addition a server and bartender . this is only my second 5 star review , probably should deserve 4.5 , but wtf it is so obvious he care and appreciates the business so much . the food is still great , the patio is nice , the hood ' location is still scary and fun and the smaller menu item and additional staff are appreciated . i do wish he had more option than just italian wine , but last night we were able to find a great white . the salmon carpaccio last night is the best i have ever had . the mussel with diablo sauce wa also excellent . i do not know of any other small restaurant chef in pittsburgh that take a much care in the quality of ingredient used ( except for douglas dick at bona terra ) . in my original post i said it wa a bit pricey , but i have decided it is well worth the cost now . i also tried a ceviche here that wa out of this world . there is definitely a lot more to have at this italian place than just pasta and red sauce .
maybe i went on a bad night , but the service wa stunningly bad . water glass stayed empty for almost 15 minute ! ordered 5 dish , all pretty average . the tab : $ 300+ . i will not be back .
the food is unforgettable , but unfortunately so is the bill . sicilian themed with fresh ingredient in an intimate setting all prepared in an open kitchen.ask before you order a special , or you might be stunned when you are handed the check . but if you love food and money is no object , this is your place . a great place for valentine is day or a special anniversary splurge , with the emphasis on the word 'splurge ' .
wow ! i never expected a great meal like this in pittsburgh . the food wa some of the best italian i have ever had in a restaurant . all the people in our party can not wait to go back . unfortunately we are all in ny . one warning ... the neighborhood is not very nice , so be careful .
great food and jonathan is one heck of a good guy . ton of fresh special ! ! !
took my son out on a recent visit to pittsburgh second visit for u . if you love italian food and cost is not a issue then this is the place . the appitizers were enough to fillyou up . we had the stuffed meatball which is the size of a softball . melt in your mouth . the pasta course have alway been right on . for main course we have tried several , all fantastic but the veal chop wa out of this word , huge , perfectly seasoned and cooked to perfection . jonathan is mom made one of the dessert , a pumkin mousse/chiffon cake that my son said wa the best he ha ever tasted . he requested i try to duplicate it for next thanksgiving . in a word or two : outstanding , pricey but worth it .
my cousin took me here for my birthday , it is in a bad neighborhood , almost a war zone , but the food is out of this world . we sat down to a bowl of garbanzo bean salad done simply with herb , spice , and olive oil , simple but delicious ! a basket of bread soon arrived with an olive oil dipping bowl . we split the half pound meatball that wa only second to mom is great meatball . salad wa good after the appetizer , i had the home made blue cheese dressing . the pasta course wa rotini with vodka sauce , best vodka sauce i have ever had . the main course wa amazing , i had the pork cutlet parmesan . the pork melted in your mouth , the sauce wa excellent , the cheese had a sharp bite and a drizzle of truffle oil made it all come together . be prepared to sit for two hour for the entire meal . large tv in the upstairs dining room show the godfather movie without the sound , we were surprised the pretty gruesome scene were shown while trying to eat . great place , the bill wa close to a buck and a half . it is pricey but worth the splurge .
this restaurant wa phenomenal . we went for my wife is 30th birthday with a large group of people and it wa a great experience . the meatball and fried cheese appetizer were really good . the marinara that came with the meatball wa the best i have ever had.do not go here if you are in a rush , because the entire dining experience will take several hour . but we were there to enjoy the night , so we did not care.i would definitely recommend this to anyone a long a you are willing to spend the money . if you do appetizer , drink and dinner it will run about $ 100 a person . but i thought it wa well worth it.the wait staff wa great . our server wa emmett and we had a lot of fun with him . the owner/chef even came out and chatted with u on the upstairs outdoor patio .
probably one of the top 5 meal i have had in the last 10 year . i travel a lot for work and have enjoyed the benefit of eating at some of the finer establishment in ny , la , chicago , sf and london . true , it is in a horrible part of town ( there wa a robery at the liquor store next door about 10 minute before we left ) and the place is tiny . but , you will not be sorry about making the trek to this place . i got the cowboy steak gorgonzola , but someone in your party ha to get one of the veal dish , they are out of this world . you can have the veal smothered in the gorgonzola sauce from the steak , which wa amazing ( also probably took 5-10 minute off my life span , but oh well ) .on the flip side , do not be fooled into thinking that because the place is in a war-zone and it is small that you will get a good deal . it wa also one of the more expensive meal i have had in some time . so , be prepared to have a great meal , but you will pay for it . ( menu with price here , http : //www.allafamigliapittsburgh.com/menus/alla-famiglia-menu.pdf )
this is my second review of alla famalgia and again this place get five star . i loved every part of my meal . i started out with the twelve ounce stuffed meatball and the truffled mushroom appetizer . the waiter invited me to watch a the mushroom were being prepared at the kitchen counter . there i chatted with the chef a he prepared my app . explaining a he went on , first slicing fresh chantrel , portobellos , and button mushroom . next he sauté them in olive oil , added brown sugar , brandy , raisin , and finished it with heavy cream . they were fantastic . there were a variety of special including wild boar chop , a risotto with prawn , scallop , and black truffle . but i chose the dry aged filet with lump crab in a leek cream . it wa the best piece of filet i have ever had . it wa easily a pound of beef and a half pound of crab in a light cream sauce with leek . i could barely touch it after the pasta , salad , bread , and appetizer . i brought my leftover home and have them another time . dessert consisted of a nice portion of carrot cake with an apricot cream cheese icing with apricot jam filling . it wa a nice take on an old favorite . for the four of u the bill wa over 300 dollar , but well worth it for the attentive service and extremely well prepared food .
some people train for marathon , other people train for this meal . before sitting down make sure you get in the proper state of mind and prepare yourself for a long night of indulgence . this being my first dining experience at alla famiglia , i wa unaware of the challenge that i had undertaken . we had a party of five , empty belly and an optimistic mentality ; we could not resist the tempting appetizer recited to u and ended up ordering the mega meatball , calamari and shrimp , and sausage over polenta . all were amazing . the meatball wa the highlight : twelve ounce of perfectly cooked beef , filled with mozzarella and covered in sauce and provolone ( kiss finger ) . big plus for including the tentacle in the calamari . i have noticed these leg le and le while dining out , when did they lose suction a a staple of a calamari appetizer ? also adorning our table were a few clothing option in which to dress the bread , all of them enjoyable on their own or a an ensemble.one would think after such a hearty opener all that remained wa the main course . how wrong of an assumption that turned out to be . before we could even think about crushing our dinner , we had to face two formidable course of salad and pasta . a mentioned by other reviewer , the salad is great . nice dressing , nice filler , nice roughage . the pasta that is included with the entree wa a fusilli bucati in a vodka sauce served family style . unable to pas up the promise of a great carbonara with guanciale and fresh egg , we had two pasta opponent to tackle . both were cooked so perfectly al dente i would have put them on my nhl all-star ballot a a write-in if voting had not already closed.at this point in the meal , i had completely forgotten that i still had not even seen my main course . and i wa fine with that . a a table we compiled quite the culinary collection : bistecca fiorentina , veal milanese , veal marsala , mussel in a diavola sauce and the sea bass special for the evening . you know when a meal is so utterly divine that you just stop talking to everyone around you and have a one on one pow wow with the gastro-gods ? yeah , that is what happened . i will say at one point during the meal , my brother had to get up and take a walk around the restaurant for fear he would wake up two day later in the icu if he did not fight off the impending food coma that threatened his existence . instead of napkin they should have given u a white towel and a trainer to throw it on the table for u because we were doing our best impression of apollo creed ... and our food wa ivan drago.our waiter , who we thought wa our friend , then had the nerve to ask if we wanted dessert , some ball on that guy . of course we wanted dessert . we decided on the tiramisu which i hope had a clean bill of health because it blew our mind . it wa so good that i wa upset with myself . i did exactly what i hate seeing someone do on any and every food network show . i took a bite , put down my fork , closed my eye and just said , `` wow ! '' i just hope it wa a good for the tiramisu.other housekeeping item : you can bring your own wine for which they charge a corking fee . all the water is bottled , but i did not see it on the bill so i figure it is included . the chef/owner is extremely friendly and accessible , a he is cooking basically right next to your table . parking at the meter next to the building is free after 6pm , despite what it say on the sign ; our waiter informed u they have an unspoken agreement with the parking authority.heavy on the belly , heavy on the wallet , heavy in our heart !
i wa in pittsburgh my home town for a recent stay . alla famiglia is the best restaurant i have been to in the burgh . it wa consistent with the type of upscale dining i have gotten used to in boston and i wa pleasantly surprised . the area surrounding the restaurant doe not seem to be the safest locale , but worth going there for a wonderful dinner . the service wa exceptional ! the food wa amazing with cheese plate , bread and side for the bread basket , meatball appetizer , cowboy steak with gorgonzola , and the halibut . the tiramisu wa the best i have had . the addition of byob wa a hidden gem a well . i would highly recommend this for a special night out to celebrate . fantastic restaurant .
i wa in pittsburgh ( my hometown ) for a visit from boston . i wa so pleased with the meal at this restaurant . it wa by far the best restaurant i have ever been to in the burgh . the wait staff , chef , food , wa stellar . we are known for very good restaurant in boston and this restaurant could be in boston or nyc it is that fantastic ! i would highly recommend going here if you have a special occasion , date night , or just want a superb meal .
always fantastic .
first , the veal milanese is easily the best veal chop i have had anywhere . ever . and i have had plenty of veal . second , the veal chop is definitely in my top 5 favorite dish i have ever had , ever . fantastic restaurant . the relatively new chef ha made this place even better than it wa . this is the most underrated restaurant on yelp in pittsburgh . great service , extremely friendly staff , fantastic atmosphere.be sure to come hungry . you can not leave unsatisfied . meal typically last me 3-4 hour , but i take my time . byob is a bonus too . in summary , alla famiglia is consistently the best restaurant in pittsburgh . try it if you have not , and you will not be disappointed .
incredible italian food . mushroom appetizer is just phenomenal . so is the mozzarella cheese . great fish . expensive but worth it !
alla famiglia is quickly becoming my favorite restaurant in pittsburgh . where do we begin ? for starter , i appreciate an upscale restaurant that allows for byob . there is a $ 10 fee.the table is set with fresh italian bread and holy oil with banana pepper . there is also a smal cheese plate served with chick pea and a goat cheese spreadappetizer : mussel in a tomatoe sauce wa the best i have ever had . the sauce wa amazingly flavorful.my veal chop wa prepared perfectly . worth the price of admission although expensive . we shared an entree and brought our own bottle , yet still managed to drop $ 110 . sharing meal is also acceptable there because of portion size . $ 15 add on that includes an extra salad and side of pasta . only complaint wa having dinner in the upstairs bar area where a lemieux jersey wa hanging on the wall . i love mario , however , this is not fathead . i suppose the yinzer root can not be completely ignored . in some way it is charmingly pittsburgh .
might be the best restaurant i have been to in pittsburgh ! made reservation on a friday evening at 9:00pm for two.apps : the service wa great , the server knew all menu item in detail by heart . we started with 2 appetizer my fiance wanted the calamari and shrimp that wa in a garlic , herb lemon sauce ... best shrimp i have ever had , they were colossal ! i ordered the meatball stuffed with bufala mozzarella smothered in a plum tomato sauce , it wa unbelievable ! the salad course wa great and i am not a salad guy . we were both almost full at this point and we still had the pasta and entree course ahead.the pasta course : the owner wheel out a cart to our table with a whole wheel of locatelli pecorino romano , in which he will use to make our cacio e pepe , table side . he pours 2 portion of linguini on top of the cheese wheel , adding the heavy cream , evoo and pepper , he mix and dig into the top layer of the cheese wheel and serf it into our bowls.entrees : i ordered the veal chop milanese , i wa so full at this point i took 2 bite out of my veal and could not go anymore , but this wa the best veal chop i have ever had , had to take the rest home . my fiancé , she ordered the chilean sea bass , but wa equally a full , the fish wa perfectly prepared and melted in your mouth , she took all , but 2 bite home also . unbelievable experience ! !
got ta say ... .worth the effort to find this gem of a restaurant off the beaten path . first , the waitstaff at this place are incredible . they take everything in stride . thing start with fresh bread , a small dish of olive and the holy oil ... .better love garlic ! appetizer ... .a tasty softball-sized meatball with mozzarella in a nicely spiced red sauce . not your average hamburger meatball ... this is a work of art ... perfectly seasoned , juicy and delicious.salad ... .wow ! crisp green , olive , pepper , gorgonzola with a red wine based vinaigrette ... could not stop eating it.pasta course ... .opted for both house pasta ... .the first wa the oft mentioned linguine tossed in the wheel of romano with cream and black pepper . served table side with a bottle of deliciously spicy oil . second wa the curly pasta tossed in the signature vodka sauce ! the pasta wa spot on cooked ... not a soggy noodle in sight . the preparation were executed to perfection.entrees ... veal milanese ... this is a beautiful double chop , `` paddled '' into tenderness , dredged in house made bread crumb , tossed with pine nut and cooked to perfection . if you can only order one thing here ... this is it ! we also had the filet of beef in gorgonzola cream ... medium rare , tender , well seasoned ... rich , decadent and incredible.dessert ... .yes ... we forced ourselves ... homemade cannoli and a variant of tiramisu with toasted/burnt almond sliver and raspberry . tiramisu wa delectable ... light , balanced and very flavorful.have not really added much to the raf from previous patron ... just had to chime in our hearty amen of agreement . love everything about this place . thank you jonathan ... and all of your staff for an awesome dining experience .
fact : thee best italian meal i have had in the burgh , hand down ! fact : i ate so much i thought they would have to wheel me out on a stretcher.fact : it is a serious hidden gem in a slightly sketchy neighborhood.need some more info , because i am comin ' atcha with the good ! to start they set the table with `` holy oil , '' which is banana pepper olive oil for dipping italian bread in , a seasoned cecci bean and cheese gustoso and a goat cheese and olive spread . i wish they sold that banana pepper olive oil because i wanted to have it every day of my life ! we ordered the famous meatball appetizer . this meatball is for serious ! it is massive and stuffed with mozzarella cheese . yep , i am for realz . it wa just oozing italian sexiness , in a ball . a soon a i tasted the red sauce , it tasted like my grandma is , which sparked fond memory and made me want to actually live in this place . we also ordered the trifolata , which is assorted mushroom and currant in marsala cream . it wa also incredible . the bad/good of it wa that it wa not really needed because they give you so much food , but it wa delicious , so whatever ! for the third course they serve you your choice of pasta either with their famous home made vodka sauce or fettucini . but here is the thing , the fettucini is made in front of you ... in a cheese wheel . yep , i am for realz again ! i know i am crazy for not ordering it , but i really love me some vodka sauce and wa incredibly happy with this amazing homemade sauce . my hubby got the fetticini and loved it . see , we are all happy here ! fourth course is a salad with red vinagariette , roasted red pepper , candied walnut , golden raisens and gargonzola cheese . it wa not memorable amongst all the bangin ' dish but not too shabby at all.for the fifth course ( and when i finally tapped out ) i ordered the cioppino with shrimp , mussel , clam , scallop and fish in a saffron and tomato broth with sambuca . it matched all the other dish . just incredible . loved the broth , loved the succulent scallop ( just one , but i can not complain , i wa stuffed by that point ! ) , the shrimp wa jumbo and the fish wa perfectly cooked . and the garlic bread wa excellent.whenever anyone say thing are expensive , i usually think they are talking $ 30 a plate . but , this place is legit expensive . think $ 50 ( ish ) a plate . but what i can tell you is it wa 100 % worth it ! we had leftover for two day ! talk about an italian hospitality . which , by the way , the service wa exceptional , but i would have expected that here . a perfect special night out , if you do not mind unbuckling a couple notch in front of your dining companion , of course !
i have been frequenting alla famiglia since 2007 and it is still my favorite italian restaurant in pittsburgh and perhaps my favorite in the world ! chef jonathan is a genius - his `` veal chop milanese '' with lump crab , toasted pine nut , and lemon is the best i have ever had . every time we eat here , my husband order this dish and refuse to try anything else - that is how amazing it is . i have tried a variety of entree - everything from the the veal chop pizzaiolo to the steak il pizzaiolo to the medallion of veal pomodoro ai pepperoni . each dish is infused with deliciousness that make these entree out of this world ! you have got to try the following : mozzarella ( apptz ) , hot pepper ( apptz ) , mozzarella stuffed meatball ( apptz ) , vodka pasta ( automatically received with your meal - sauce is delicious ) , veal chop milanese ( entrée ) . you will not be disappointed - the kitchen is open so you can even watch a chef jonathan prepares your dinner . make a reservation . neighborhood is a bit sketchy so be careful . p . i have taken all my friend , family , and business partner ( many who do not live in pittsburgh ) here and everyone absolutely love it and wish they lived in pitt so they could come here more often . in fact , we no longer live in pittsburgh , but every time we come into town for a visit , we have to eat dinner at our favorite alla famiglia !
went looking for a place to enjoy a good italian meal . wa not interested in more pizza or sloppy pasta , but looking for something that tasted genuine and that wa served in an equally genuine and friendly environment.could not have asked for more than what we got tonight at alla famiglia . service wa very good , helpful and friendly . the right balance of being there without dominating the table.food wa top notch . my only complaint would be that there wa too much of it ! the lamb chop were fantastic . our kid shared a serve and they had to fight u off . i had the house specialty , `` veal chop milanese '' and wa very impressed.hard to fault any of the food actually . from the bread and holy oil that start the meal , through the appetizer , the salad and the pasta , on to the main . everything wa stunning.this is not a cheap meal , but it is worth every penny and we will be going back .
this is my favorite restaurant in the world . i love it substantially more than any italian restaurant i have frequented in italy . if there is a special occasion to celebrate , it is done here , no question asked . everything on the menu is phenomenal , and the service is phenomenal a well . the restaurant itself is very intimate and cozy and there is valet available , so the fact that it is in a sketchy neighborhood matter not . the bar upstairs is nice , but dining downstairs is something else , a you can watch your food being prepared . make sure you visit on an empty stomach , a you will be served multiple course ! the vodka pasta you are given is amazing . you also get salad and bread with two dips/oil . entree are well-sized and you will probably have the leftover ever after gorging on all of the mini meal that come before the entree . i do not eat beef ... until i go to alla famiglia and order the meatball appetizer . that is saying something , so do not forget to order it . my mum get some hunk of beef ( sorry , i do not even really look at beef/pork option ) every time we go and i can hear her making moaning noise a she chew , and then she talk about how to die for it wa afterward . i usually get a seafood dish , whatever it may be at the time , and it is always one of the greatest thing i have and will ever eat . i want my final meal to be from alla famiglia . please . i do not care if it cost a car payment or two or three .
after a friend told me about her wonderful experience here , i knew i had to go . i also knew that it wa not really in my budget . well , lucky for me an old college friend of mine decided that he wa coming to town for a visit . i sent him the website for various restaurant and when he saw alla famiglia he said , `` oh honey . make the reservation - i have got it . '' yes ! i knew i kept him around for some reason ! so on a cold , snowy saturday night , we trudged up the mountain . and it wa glorious.first off , it is in a bit of a sketchy neighborhood . but no worry - they have valet , so you do not have to deal with trying to find somewhere to park and walking around.the holy oil is the best thing i have ever dipped bread into - and i am a dipper . i come from an italian family - we dip everything into everything - bread into sauce , cooky into coffee , bread into coffee , etc . this is by far the best dipping experience i have ever had.onto the meatball . we got the mozzarella-stuffed meatball for our appetizer . the meatball wa good . the sauce wa great . there is not much more i can say about it , to be honest . it wa just so , so yummy.salad course : great salad ! pasta course : so , i wa slightly disappointed that they did not give u a choice . i wa really looking forward to the fettuccine in the cheese wheel that i had read about here ! ala , only vodka sauce . great vodka sauce , though . i should have asked about that damn cheese wheel ... for the main course , i got the veal chop milanese and it wa perfect . my friend got the cioppino and he enjoyed that very much.i could not even think about eating dessert . we had so much food . i took 1/2 of my pasta course and 3/4 of my main course home . i really wish i had gotten a dessert to go and eaten it later , though . i really can not wait to go again .
had dinner last night . amazing flavor , the sauce are wonderful . like the other review , a wonderful dining experience . a little pricey , but well worth it . be prepared for large portion . the staff is super friendly and well informed . nothing here is `` normal '' . it is truly a unique italian dining experience .
spent the weekend in the city with some friend . this wa our first time to alla famiglia . unbelievable ! ! ! we enjoyed everything . if you are looking for high quality food with a great friendly staff , this is it . it is a little out of the way but it is worth the trip . if i had the option to give 6 star i would do it . very impressive .
wow . some of the best italian food i have had in my life . everything feel authentic , straight from italy , and family owned . where to begin ? well the appetizer selection is incredible , my favorite being the provolone fried in truffle oil . the stuffed banana pepper were to die for , and i have had many others that were spectacular.for the entree , i have had both the veal chop and the filet . the veal chop is almost a large a my arm ( not joking ) and wa delicious , prepared either of their two signature way . for the filet , i do not like gorgonzola so i asked them to prepare it a different way ( which they are very willing to do and usually announce to the table at the beginning of the meal ) . it wa done is a mushroom sauce that wa a perfect compliment to the perfectly cooked filet.finally , do not forget to save room for dessert ( which will be fairly difficult considering the sheer volume of food that they give you ) . the tiramisu is amazing , and i would highly recommend trying their gelato . in short , my favorite restaurant in pittsburgh . i would highly recommend a visit , especially with a large group . reservation help , but not usually required .
this is one of if not the best meal i have ever had . i have only gone a part of work function ( about 3 different occasion ) and every time we get the upstairs private room . the service is fantastic . i always have the veal chop milanese which is amazing . they also have a delicious pasta a an appetizer which ha a little spice to it . you will not find a better meal in pittsburgh . i have no idea what the price actually are a i have never paid but it is definitely very pricey . the neighborhood is real grimey but do not let that dissuade you from going there .
worth going for the booze and cheese alone ! i have heard so much about this fab place.it is in a rando area in allentown , but totally worth the trip ! i went and drank the blood orange caprahina and it wa definitely worth $ 9 . not only wa it delish , but it came in a decently-sized glass too . i also had it with their mozzarella appetizer . i wa surprised when it came to the table because it wa literally a giant ball of cheese , but i crammed that puppy down real fast . yum !
no better in taste than a fazoli or even an olive garden . inflated price , like the cheapest entree wa $ 40 , try to disguise this place a something it is not . went with a group of co worker , so we pretty much got everything on the menu and not one thing stuck out really good . service is incredibly slow . not worth it at all . even if you tell yourself that atleast the portion are large , the food is just not good enough to warrant wasting a meal eating there .
totally one of the best restaurant in pittsburgh ! ! food and service wa just amazing . the quality of the dish wa better than we had even in new york city.this is definitely a restaurant to bookmark and remember for the age . reminds me of the old style italian restaurant that used to be in bloomfield when that area wa just a horrid place to go . well , alla famiglia is in the allentown area which is not a neighborhood of choice . yes , your car is guarded in a private secure lot ! ! get over the location , this is the gem of gem ! old style design in a charming old building with copper and huge fan . the kitchen is right there for you to watch and it worth watching this chef do his thing ! the dish come out hot , no waiting , the service staff is like a tag team and they all share duty to get the food to you once it ready.the quality of the food wa impeccable and the 5 course presentation wa really enjoyable ... oh and dessert wa to die for ; belgium chocolate gelato in a fresh waffle cone and the creamiest ny cheesecake you ever had with a hint of orange zest ...
wow ... this wa not just a dinner it wa an amazing experience . from the moment you walk in they treat you like you are family . the bartender up stair wa an encyclopedia of knowledge on the beer and spirit he had . then there is the dining experience . by far the best food ive ever had i drove from ohio just to dine here and it wa worth every penny and every mile .
expensive ? yes . worth the price of admission ? every penny.my wife and i dined at alla famiglia last night , and we were both blown away . it wa our first time here so we went with our waiter is suggestion from start to finish.after snacking on the ridiculously delicious 'holy oil ' , we started with a couple apps - green and bean , and the meatball ; both were incredible . braised endive , house sausage , and tender white bean seasoned to perfection , and a meatball the size of your fist.before our entree were brought out , we were each brought a salad and pasta course . the fresh made pasta wa served with the best vodka sauce i have ever had - amazing.on to the entree ; i got the veal chop pizzaiolo and my wife got the coteletta del monzu . spectacular . both the veal chop and the cutlet melted in our mouths.all in all , after a couple apps , two entree , a bottle of wine and a couple cocktail , we got out for about $ 260 after tip . that said , i have eaten at some amazing restaurant in my time , and i can say with confidence that last night is dinner is easily one of the top 5 meal i have had in my lifetime . i can not wait to find an excuse to go back.well done , alla famiglia.update : visit 2 and 3 to alla famiglia were just a spectacular a the first . my wife and i have ordered something different each time we have visited , and normally i will say something like 'we have not been disappointed ' . however , that would be an egregious understatement . every visit to this wonderful restaurant ha been nothing short of astonishing . the food is truly breathtaking , and the service is top notch.in my humble opinion , this is without question the best restaurant in pittsburgh.update 2 : a you can see by the number of check-in i have here , we find every excuse we can to continue to come here . it is still the best restaurant in the 'burgh .
while visiting the pittsburgh area , my wife and i were intrigued by the excellent review we found of alla familgia . while it wa a bit of a drive from cranberry township , we needed a dining reprieve after a disappointing visit at bravo ! cucina italiana . east warrington avenue is undergoing major construction which made finding parking a bit difficult , fortunately there is valet service in a lot to the side of the restaurant which we took advantage of . upon entering , we were warmly welcomed by the host . we visited on a stormy evening and were fortunate to find that some reservation had been cancelled due to the weather , which enabled u to get a table . i strongly advise to get reservation in advance . we were seated on the first floor with a view of the chef cooking . awesome.all that ha been said in prior review , i heartily agree with . the bread , cheese , and dipping oil wa a delicious start . ingredient were fresh . the pasta and main course dish were done perfectly . my wife had the gorgonzola filet mignon , which she described a one of the best meal she ha ever eaten.when we are in the area , we will be back .
good food , we had the bean appetizer , seafood diablo , and the flounder ... it is expensive but well worth the money , classic .
let is just start with the elephant in the room ... picture a vintage arnold schwarzenegger flexing his biceps in the mirror . this is the framed `` art '' inside the woman is restroom located on the 2nd floor . odd . i nearly poked my eye out with my mascara brush from staring . it is hypnotizing.now that we got that out of the way , let is talk about the restaurant ! after month of whining , a group of 8 of u finally decided to nut up or shut up and finally made plan . ( thank you , samantha b. for organizing ! ) getting a reservation for 8 is not an easy task . the building is a three-story , traditional townhouse that is very narrow leaving only so much space inside for the dining area , bar , and the kitchen . and , it is located in the middle of allentown . yes , allentown . this fact could qualify a the baby elephant in the room but it seems to be the trend to operate fantastic restaurant in area that would make your average xenophobe from suburbia go bat shit cray cray . and , for the record , i am not drinking hatorade . i wa equally `` scurred '' during the drive up e. warrington avenue ... and i live in the east end where hipster and old school hippy are known to reside and give peace a chance . the reality is what it is . it is a scary part of town but it did not matter a damn when we got out of the car . it wa a saturday night and we were greeted by an average joe valet who sincerely welcomed u to the restaurant and told u to enjoy our dinner . the local who walked by smiled and nodded a if they were giving u their approval . it is a if the restaurant wa under a dome , protected by a force field that doe not allow the stereotypical nonsense most would fear when entering allentown at night . we were greeted by our server who immediately took our drink order . i did not see a bar on the first floor so i almost hesitated to order my usual dirty martini and my sweetheart is manhattan , thinking they were limited in their mixology . order were taken without pause and both drink were most impressive . our friend enjoyed vino rossos and biancos from their diverse wine list that is 100 % italia ! table are set with `` holy oil '' for dipping artisanal italian bread , a seasoned cheese and cecci bean gustoso , and , my favorite , a fresh goat cheese olive spread.we started with the artichoke appetizer special and shared the meatball appetizer with the rest of the table . yes , shared . the meatball is bigger than barry bond and kanye west is ego combined . and , it wa friggin ' fantastic . the flavor , the marinara sauce , the mozzarella stuffed inside ... if i could marry a meatball , this would be matrimonial bliss.my sweetheart chose the highly recommended veal chop milanese . this is yet another piece of meat listed on the menu not small in size . because i am always the a-hole of the group , i asked if i could have linguine and clam sauce instead of the pasta prep on the menu . again , no hesitation . wow . but the groan from my our table make me still an a-hole . i do not care ! it wa my carb day damnit ! : - ) our entree did not disappoint . tasty ! ! ! ! the entree minus the pasta came with salad and pasta side served family style . lot of food to be shared.we finished with the hand-spun espresso gelato . others at the table went for other gelato flavor and the tiramisu . we all had spoon to share . all were `` delish '' .i wa tempted to order the other highly recommended entree , the cowboy steak diane . my friend beth had the pleasure . the wild mushroom on her dish looked just a big a the meatball and she raved about the worcestershire butter . she offered me a sample but i wa too full and ready to birth my food baby.oh yeah . how could i forget ! franco harris walked in . shut up ! ! ! not entirely surprising after viewing the wall on the second floor covered with photo of vip posing with the chef/owner . it is great to see a gem in allentown that can shine a light on the other diamond in the ruff in that area . but do not let the neighborhood fool you . this restaurant is very high end in service , cuisine , price , and atmosphere.i really enjoyed my experience at alla familigia so maybe it wa not such a coincidence they placed the terminator is mr. universe pic in the restroom ... because ... i will be back .
the atmosphere wa nice . the food wa good . very old school italian . the signature meatball is , well , a large meatball . good , yes . the salad wa very good and wa abundant . the home made pasta wa good . we also had a veal dish but wa disappointed that it wa served with a thick brown gravy over it . not listed on the menu . very good drink and wine list . although we were seated in the absolute worst table in the place ( in front of kitchen door ) we had a good experience . the food wa good but wa not wow'ed by any of it .
i stopped by here this past thursday with my fiance and 4 other dining companion for dinner . alla famiglia ha been on my list of place to try for quite a long time and i wa eagerly anticipating eating a dinner here . we arrived shortly before our reservation time of 7:30 at about the same time a another couple from our party . we were almost immediately taken back to our table which wa on the first floor in a back room . i honestly did not notice too much while we were walking back to our table but thought there wa not much decoration in the room we were in . yes there wa a fireplace but nothing else really stick out besides the fact that the light would dim a bit for about 5 second before eventually brightening back up every 10 minute or so.since none of our party had ever been to alla famiglia before our server took the time to go over the menu with u . whenever he got to the veal chop and explained it wa their specialty , i immediately knew that wa what i wanted . so i ended up ordering that with the pizzaiolo option while my fiance went with the seafood diavolo . my veal chop wa described a a double cut natural chop braised with hot and sweet pepper , homemade italian sausage , and plum tomato while my fiance seafood diavola had many different type of seafood in it including a lobster tail . all entree also come with a first course of salad and a second course of pasta with vodka sauce , both served family style . while we were waiting for our first course to come out they served u some crusty italian bread along with a couple of different dipping sauce of which i remember one that had a couple of different imported cheese , one with goat cheese and then another which wa olive oil based and called the holy oil ( ? ) due to a trio of herb of which one wa basil . that one wa my favorite and when combined with some of the parmesan cheese that they had on the table wa awesome . after a short while our salad came out , 2 family style bowl for the 6 of u along with a dish of gorgonzola so that we could top our salad with it . the salad ended up tasting decent , i only wish that i had more of it . the six of u quickly finished it all and then were in for quite a bit of a wait before our pasta with vodka sauce arrived . it wa long enough for all of u to notice and wonder what wa taking so long for pasta . whenever it arrived , once again 2 family style bowl for the 6 of u , i thought that it tasted pretty good . it wa not the best vodka sauce i have ever tasted but since i wa still pretty hungry at this point i really enjoyed it especially after adding some of the chili oil that they brought to the table with it . the chili oil gave the sauce that perfect bite for me . almost immediately after finishing our pasta our dinner entree arrived . my veal chop looked impressive and wa big enough to make comment about how it could tip the car on the flintstone . most of that wa due to the size of the bone although there wa a decent amount of meat on it . the veal itself wa cooked perfectly a it wa moist and juicy and i ended up enjoying it . the pizzaiolo sauce wa just ok though a some of the sausage that i had seemed to be burnt while others were fine . whenever i had the non burnt piece i liked it but the couple of burnt piece really made the sauce inconsistent from bite to bite . i wa also lucky enough to try some of my wonderful fiance lobster tail and thought that it wa very good . it wa cooked perfectly and wa tender and tasty while not being overdone at all . after all that we had eaten our whole table ended up passing on dessert and i left the restaurant full but not overly so . i am still wondering about all of these review that tell you how much food they received which wa also said by the valet on the way in . it made me wonder do they normally serve a family style portion to two people instead of the three like they did at our table ? should i feel cheated on this one ? maybe i will find out on a future visit but then again maybe i will not.the bottom line for me is that i might come back here again in the future but i do not think that this would be my first choice . do not get me wrong , the food here wa pretty good but whenever my food bill after tip is coming out to about $ 150 , they had better either have impeccable service like the capital grille or ruth chris ' or to die for food . sadly alla famiglia let me down on both account here a the food wa good and the service average .
after hearing about af and reading the review , i wa expecting an amazing experience . we made reservation week in advance and i counted down the day . finally , d day arrived . we arrived and quickly valeted the car . i would definitely suggest you valet . the neighborhood seemed a bit sketchy . into the restaurant i happily galloped . what a cute little place . open kitchen in the first room . we sat in the second room . homey , old school italian feel . the server explained the menu and took our drink order . hub and i split a bottle of wine . nothing better than a good bottle of red wine with a hearty italian meal . we were ready to eat . i dug into the bread on the table and thoroughly enjoyed the holy oil dip . so much so that i did not even bother with the other two spread . the menu wa very veal heavy . i guess that is their specialty but not what i wa looking for . i chose the filet gorgonzola . our first course wa salad . served family style this salad wa savory and sweet with raisin and gorgonzola on the side . then we waited , and waited and waited . they are definitely not in a rush here . the next course wa pasta with vodka sauce . after reading the review , i wa a little disappointed that we were not offered the alfredo cheese wheel a an option . the vodka sauce wa lacking flavor for me . i added a little chili oil and it brightened up some . again we waited and waited . finally , our entree arrived . my filet wa cooked well and tender . however , i did not care for the pepper and creamy sauce it wa topped with . also , this wa the only part of the meal that i had left over to take home . for me , the portion size were about average . i did not have mound of left over a other review noted . we opted to skip dessert . overall , it wa a good meal but nothing blew me away . i had high hope for af and wa slightly let down . for the price , i have had better meal and better service at other restaurant around the city .
seated in the bar after having made reservation a week in advance . that , paired with a mediocre menu and overall experience , give this two star . save your money and stay in town . i would probably send you to the ( gasp ) olive garden before i referred you here .
alla familgia is to die for . this wa described a a must have on my trip out east and boy wa i glad to stop in a soon a i got off the plane . this is traditional itaiian at it finest . hearty sauce , fresh meat , exquisite flavor . to kick thing off- amazing oil , a cheese marmalade and hot bread . the meatball wa excellent . note i said meatball , a this is one ball bigger than your fist . stuffed with cheese , served in an amazing tomato sauce and topped with fresh parmesan . and this wa just the appetizernext up wa the veal scallopini tarfuto , which is served with onion . but before that arrived , first come an amazing walnut vinagrette salad then a fresh pasta in vodka sauce . both to die for . picture the pain i am in before i even get to the veal . then come come the veal . succulent and melt in your mouth . no knife needed.it go without say i did finish a single plate , but what i did not finish served me well a breakfast the next morning ! round 2 ! if in the area , i would highly recommend stopping by and being transported to a country far far away
word to the wise:1 ) do not eat for approximately 3 day before having dinner here . you will thank me later.2 ) the bread and fixins ( especially the bean and cheese gustoso ) , while extremely yummy , pale in comparison to the rest of the meal . you want to wait for your meal . trust me . you want to wait for the homemade pasta.the smaller portion of veal are plenty and so unbelievably tender . also the preparation is really well balanced . i had the escalopes of veal ( lot of mushroom and spinach ) and it felt like the veggie were integral to the dish . most place would have skimped . . . not alla famiglia.really good . so good that i ate till i looked like i had a food baby in my stomach . pretty ? no . completely worth it ? yes .
incredibly authentic italian cuisine . if your looking for a memorable spot with some of the most delicious actually italian dish then look no further than alla famiglia . this is a restaurant to celebrate an occasion at such a new year , valentine day , anniversary , etc . my girlfriend and i came here for new year is eve and we could not have enjoyed it more . to start we had the alla famiglia meatball . i could not get over the rich tomato sauce that the meatball wa surrounded in and the smoothness of the actual meat . just delicious , must have.when you order an entree you also get their house salad served in a homemade italian vinaigrette ( light and complimenting to the diverse salad topped with great pepper ! ) and their penne alla vodka . this pasta dish alone is enough to warrant a visit . i am a alla vodka lover and this is the best i have ever had . it is hard to describe but it not to rich or creamy it is absolutely just right . the pasta itself wa so smooth and melted in your mouth with their sauce.for entree my girlfriend had their ahi tuna steak ( special ) . prepared perfectly and with a great lemon butter sauce . i had their speciality , their double cut veal chop . this is something straight out of the flintstone in it portion but let me tell you it is with every penny . i had the veal chop pizzoaloa style wivh wa with hot & sweet pepper , a great tomato sauce covered in provolone cheese . this wa such a moist veal chop that literally fell off the bone and with the marbling it just melted in your mouth . everything wa spectacular , it is a restaurant you have to visit if your in the area at least once given you are willing to spend for your meal . $ $ $ $ but you absolutely get what you pay for .
ala famiglia is hand down my favorite italian haunt of all time ! if you are entertaining guest , this is the place to take them in pittsburgh .
absolutely incredible restaurant ! it is by far my favorite restaurant in the city . everything about this place is fantastic especially their veal chop milanese , the restaurant is pretty pricey but 100 % well worth the money . i recommend this restaurant to anyone who is looking for a fantastic italian meal .
my boyfriend & i went to alla famiglia for our ( late ) valentine is day dinner last night . we do not go out & splurge like this often , so we were really excited for a special dinner . the food wa out of this world ( bread & side , salad , pasta alla vodka and veal chop milanese ) , but the service wa absolute garbage . i have seriously been treated better at a tgifriday is . we waited , pretty much unattended to , at the bar until 8:20 for an 8:00 reservation . once seated , i practically had to beg for a wine list . we called a cab at the end of our meal and decided to get drink & wait back at the bar . the cab wa taking forever , so we called a different company . a my boyfriend wa talking with the cab company , a waitress walked by . we heard her walk into the kitchen and loudly announce to the rest of the staff , `` ugh , those people at the bar are just now ordering a cab . '' it wa 10:30 . on a saturday night.i do not know if it wa the fact that we were some of the youngest patron in there ( early/mid 20 ) , but we felt talked down to and disrespected the entire time . maybe if we were in our 50 like everyone else , they would have treated u like adults.when i plunk down $ 160 for one of the most highly-recommended restaurant around , i expect to be treated like i am spending $ 160 at your restaurant . despite how great the food wa , i will not be returning . so disappointed .
just recently returned . phenomenal meal ! glenn our waiter wa superb . loved the veal dish . i also enjoyed the new cocktail menu . one of the drink wa iced coffee with orangicello and frangelica cream . delicious !
real authentic italian food . the must try dish are 1 ) meatball appetizer amazing 2 ) smoked provolone with arugula 3 ) mussel in diavolo sauce . the holy oil served with warm bread is truly holy . little spicy but oh so flavorful . excellent service and they will modify any recipe to your liking . if you like italian food then this is a must ! !
so , if you are reading this , read no further , tell your girlfriend/fiance/wife or whoever - you have made up your mind , you are going . until further notice this may be the best restaurant in pittsburgh . this ha everything i look for in a restaurant - charming atmosphere , great cocktail , good service and most importantly , amazing food . i had the veal milanese and would have a hard time ordering something else next time . this wa by far the best veal dish i have ever had and at $ 65 i would almost call this a steal . the vodka sauce pasta starter that come with it is wonderful in and of itself , and the salad , the salad is spectacular ! that is the thing about this place , not a single aspect of the meal disappoints or fall short of amazing . i did not order an appetizer a i had to send some of the pasta back a well a some of the veal because i just could not eat it all - this will feel like a sin , but what can you do . i am sure the appetizer are amazing a well . let not forget the martini that i would say is about the best you are going to find in `` the burgh '' ! not to mention it is byob , i brought my favorite bottle of california red wine to take the guess work out of the wine selection and guarantee an amazing amazing meal . ( if you know your italian wine and that is your thing then i would forget the byob ) bottom line - this is the proverbial no-brainer , enjoy
always an amazing meal ... if you are a going to complain about the bill or having to wait 20 minute while you have a drink , you probably should not be eating there anyway .
the food wa delicious . but it is a ridiculously expensive restaurant . if you are intimidated by spending $ 100 or more on a complete meal for 1 person , then this is not the place for you . knowing that we had other plan for our evening , my date and i cut the meal short with appetizer , salad , and a bottle of one of the lesser expensive wine they offer , which wa $ 54 a bottle . our check wa still $ 120 , and we left hungry . which is a shame , because the little of what we did have , we fully enjoyed . there are plenty of italian restaurant in pittsburgh , and many of them are very , very good - where one can enjoy a meal for a fraction of what it cost here .
this is my favorite restaurant ever- the food is amazing , i will echo that the meatball appetizer is yummy , veal chop fantastic and huge , my favorite dinner choice is the veal del monzu with pine nut lemon and crab- of course the pasta is amazing with the vodka sauce and oil , and dont leave without trying the raspberry tiramisu which is like heaven in your mouth-
possibly the best italian restaurant i have ever been too . the vodka sauce wa phenomenal . i finished the evening with a fernet branca ... ..perfection .
the first time i went here wa with a group - we had reserved the entire restaurant for a retirement party . i had a horrible experience . vowed never to go back ! at that time , i even had a terrible interaction with the owner.this time i wa invited with a couple of girlfriend because they love it . decided to try again since it wa more about the `` get together '' than the food/location.this time , overpriced food and bad service . overall , it wa not anything out of the ordinary and not worth the price . i had the veal speciality . large portion , but ok. staff wa not very attentive for the small amount of customer present.i am a pittsburgh native . this is a bad neighborhood . i am not interested in ever going back !
okay.. i have never eaten there before last night , but i have eaten at davio is and that is what the atmosphere reminded me of.. we were there a total of 3 hour start to finish.. 3 hour until our main course wa served . but , many course are served a you wait ... most of them were delicious . they bring you out fresh , delicious , warmed bread at the beginning with a garlic oil sauce dubbed `` holy oil '' and it truly is heavenly . they also have a bowl of cheese and garbanzo bean to eat atop of the bread . delicious . there is also a cheesy spread available . all were wonderful . then about 45 minute later , they brought our appetizer . it wa a soupy-looking mushroom appetizer with a sweet flavor . i do not recommend this app . it wa not good . then about 35 minute after that , a salad wa served . it came dressed and wa one of the best i have had . 35-45 minute after that , the highlight of the dinner came . pasta in a bowl . it wa the best part of the dinner . finally another long time after that - our main course came . mine looked only slightly better than it tasted . i got the seafood diavolo and it wa a huge disappointment . i really liked our waiter - he wa very busy but attentive - but i cursed him under my breath for recommending this main course . i wa so close to ordering a pasta dish , which i am certain i would have loved and devoured . but i wa talked out of ordering pasta , because pasta come with dinner . i wish our waiter would have asked me what i liked ; sauce , etc before recommending this dish . $ 68 for something you give to your cat is a hard pill to swallow . i love seafood , but i enjoy it in butter sauce , lemony butter sauce , alfredo sauce , wince sauce with garlic ... not this red soupy dish . it wa literally like eating cold tomato and water with tabasco sauce poured in . it looked like `` seafood soup . '' all the delicious seafood wa drowning in a dark red , spicy , soupy mess . i wanted to cry when i saw it.. then i tasted it and really wanted to cry . it wa gross . this is the last dish i would have ever ordered had i known how it wa presented . i looked around at my date who had a massive veal tenderloin in front of him and i wa so jealous.. wishing i had went with my first instinct - the pasta - or even the halibut.. anything that wa not drowning in a spicy red soup . i just hope that staff read this and never recommend this dish to a first-timer.. especially someone who enjoys seafood they can actually taste that is not drowning in some spicy tomato sauce . if this dish wasnt so awful , i would have given 5 star . the only other bad dish wa the mushroom appetizer , and it wa also a soupy mess . but , i would eat the mushroom app 3 time a day for the rest of my life if it came down to that and the seafood diavolo .
unbelievable meal . seems that you can not go wrong no matter what you order . reservation a must but if your feeling lucky try one of the 5 bar seat . great service . amazing food . a true 5 star place for pittsburgh .
if i am ever in a situation to pick my last meal on earth , it wouild be from alla famiglia . my husband took me here for my birthday celebration . we were treated extremely well from the second we walked in the door . they even had a menu printed with a `` happy birthday jennifer '' message on the top ! what a nice touch.we were seated in the area near the door with a view of the kitchen . there is also a small room ( three table ) on the same floor . the upper floor ha a dining area and bar , but they are often booked for private events.when you arrive , there are three accompaniment for your fresh baked bread . the `` holy oil '' that is an olive oil and banana pepper mix . it life up to it name because it wa divine . there wa also a goat cheese spread that had red pepper and olive . i am a huge goat cheese fan , so i could have eaten this by the spoonful . there wa also a bean and cheese mixture with three type of cheese chopped up . it wa incredible a well . you may be tempted to fill up on these delictible delight , but do not , becase a good a these item are , it only get better from there.we were having a hard time deciding whether to get the meatball appetizer or the hand pulled mozzarella . the waitress steered u towards their meatball since it is one of their signature item . it wa a wise decision . the meatball is the size of a fist and it wa perfect . i do not usually like meatball or red sauce and i found myself devouring every last bit of both on this plate . the meatball is stuffed and topped with an excellent mozzarella and then drenched with an amazing red sauce with bit of garlic . if you order this , make sure you are sharing because it is huge . the salad course wa very tasty . it a a mix of field green , an olive oil dressing , gorgonzola and other incredibly tasty thing . i could have eaten the entire plate of it myself but wanted to save room for the pasta and my entree.the pasta course is a house made spiral pasta in a vodka sauce . it wa extremely tasty . so much so that my husband said he would have been happy if that alone had been his main course . it had such incredible fresh taste . for our main course , i got the veal chop prepared in the milanese style . it wa huge , pretty much the size of the plate . a nice surprise considering how small portion tend to be at other fancy restaurant in the area . it wa served with a lemon butter sauce and had large chunk of crab on top . it wa tender and you could cut it with a fork . i savored every bite ( and have leftover to enjoy at home ) . my husband had the filet and loved his choice a well . a lot of flavor and extremely tender . it wa served with a leek cream and i would love to know how they make it because i have leek at home that i need to use for something.i swore i did not have room left for even a single bite more , but when i learned that pumpkin gelato wa the dessert , i had to try it . it wa so smooth , sweet and reminded me of the amazing gelato i had when i wa in italy . a house made limoncello completed my incredibly amazing meal.yes , it is expensive , but it is worth it ! i do not know when we will be back simply because of how expensive it is , but i do know we will be back .
awesome italian cookery ! very fine food with perfect wine selection . me and my friend ordered the meatball a the appetizer . for entree we had a meat pasta and a pork shank ! the pasta are really thick and nicely stretched and the sauce is yummy a well ! the pork is of high quality and braised so appropriately that it still taste great after getting cold . we also had two dessert : the banana n coconut pie and the tiramisu ! both dessert are served w cream and taste fantastic ! the pie ha a very banana-ish texture with piece of coconut in it . and the house special tiramisu is made from raspberry and almond instead of espresso or coffee . the two of u usually need one or two box for leftover but the food here is so delicious so we ate them all . i will definitely come here again !
my husband made u reservation here to celebrate our 5th anniversary and i am confident in saying that it wa the best meal i have had in pittsburgh . the atmosphere is warm and cozy and not stuffy at all , which is not often the case with `` fine dining . '' i appreciated the home-like feeling and the framed pen jersey on the wall ! i am becoming a yinzer ... the bread and holy oil , chickpea dish , and goat cheese spread that they set the table with wa amazingly good , and it only get better . all their meal come with a salad and a pasta dish with vodka sauce . ( i did not see anything about fettucine in a cheese wheel , so maybe they do not do that anymore -- not sure . ) i ordered seafood diavolo but could only finish about 1/3 of it , and my husband ordered a steak dish that he ( amazingly ) polished off . he said it wa the best steak he is had since we left nebraska , so that is a pretty high compliment.yes , this place is expensive ( $ 50-ish/entree ) , but you can definitely get at least two meal from one , and there is an option to share a dinner with a $ 15 charge for the extra pasta and salad dish , which may be the route i would take in the future since i am a snacker and would rather have an appetizer a dinner anyway.i think everyone in the 'burgh should try this place at least once , for a special occasion dinner because it is awesome !
this wa my second time to ala famiglia . it is been a few year , and we figured , the saturday after thanksgiving would be perfect for italian - a welcome break from turkey.unexpected , and awful problem with our experience.our party of nine wa seated onetime for our 5 pm reservation . drink order were taken , bread and assorted accoutrement of oil and such were brought to the table . waitress wa pleasant , holiday tune playing ( over 6 separate speaker in the small upstairs bar/table area - quality sound , something i appreciate ) and muted penn state football game on the flat screen . we were settled in for a good meal . appetizer arrived approximately an hour later . they were quite good . the 12 ounce meatball wa fantastic . it wa covered in a great tomato sauce , and hit the spot . we ordered the calamari , and even a second round of the prosciutto wrapped prawn . pasta arrived - it wa good , but it should be at ala famiglia . the dinner arrived at 7:25 . yes , it wa a 5:00 reservation . at least it gave our brunello time to breath . the portion were big . lot of veal dish , rib eye , and filet . non cooked too long , or too short . so why the mediocre review ? the long wait ? no . we were in good company , and enjoyed being together . the problem wa the large number of fruit fly that were all over our table . i first noticed them in one of the empty cocktail glass . they liked the remnant of the manhattan - and the cherry left in the glass . three of them dead , two more flew away when i waived my hand . that caused me to look over at my wine glass holding the $ 140 per bottle brunello ... ... yep , one dead , and one alive . what do you do ? i fished out the dead one , and covered my glass with a cocktail napkin . this wa pretty disgusting . we mentioned it to the waitress , but she did not respond or summon a manager . not looking for a free meal or anything , but a a business owner myself , i would think they would want to know about the problem , and get it rectified asap . i like the food , but i will not likely be back . oh , and for the 9 people , the meal wa just shy of a $ 1,000 .
i had been wanting to come here for a very long time . i finally ate here this past saturday and it wa awesome . now i can not wait to come back ! first , i urge you to make a reservation because every single table wa filled while we were there , and for good reason -- the food is awesome . the food is so good you are not even going to feel guilty about the calorie you have consumed -- because you will eat a lot of them.the second thing you need to know is to show up hungry . do not eat all day . if possible , do what i did and work out earlier in the day , because you will leave this restaurant well fed . to quote one of the great artist of our time , ice cube , `` life ai not a track meet , it a marathon ! `` it is a marathon . they are going to bring you out delicious warm bread a soon a you sit down , and supply you with heavenly topping for it , including the famous holy oil that is truly divine . temperance is a virtue . do not be like me and commit a sin against your entree by eating it when you are stuffed , and can not fully enjoy it . because like a fool you could not restrain yourself with the bread bc carbs turn you into an animal and you did not pace yourself.you will get all the bread you can handle . our waiter john , who wa super nice and attentive , suggested we order the meatball appetizer and he wa right . it huge , it literally the size of a softball and come out wrapped in cheese , in a heavenly marinara sauce , served with love . it wa extremely good . then you get the salad course , which come in a home made vinagrette which is also delicious . then come the pasta course , we had fusilli pasta in vodka sauce which wa very good but at this point i wa basically full and tapping out . i ended up eating not even 1/4 of my pasta , but then the waiter offered to bag it up for me , so i had lunch for the next day.your entree come out after the pasta course , and you are going to be already stuffed at this point . now , i took my friend here for his birthday . i think they key is to come here when you are not paying , bc my bank account wa cry when i saw the entree start at $ 40 . more on that in a moment.i ordered the filet and it wa spectacular . i mean , amazing . so good i did not share , and after i ate it , i fondly reflected on the time my filet and i spent together . temporarily in my mouth , forever in my heart . or on my hip . it wa not diet food , it wa covered in some sort of heavenly cream cheese sauce that is the stuff dream are made of . it wa a $ 60 dinner and it tasted like one too . my friend ordered the blackened sea bass and it came out looking like a work of art . both our dish were basically food porn . he loved his dinner too and said that his fish came out topped with large chunk of crab and he loved it.we were waayyy too full to even think about dessert . i am sure the dessert would have been divine but we just could not do it . in fact i ended up taking half my filet home with me.this place is technically expensive , but if you think about it , it is really not that bad . our bill came to $ 200 for the two of u , but for what you get , it is really a pretty damn good deal . you get top notch service , the restaurant itself is beautiful , and the food is absolutely incredible . this wa probably the best meal i have had in pittsburgh . oh -- and you get enough food that you get a full meal the next day . i can not believe that i had not been here before , and i will absolutely be back .
very good italian . the portion are very large , so do not be tempted by the bread early . my fiancé and i shared two appetizer and an entree . the entree also give a huge bowl of salad and penne alla vodka . this wa so much food , we could not even look at the dessert menu . i would absolutely recommend this place , but would suggest pacing yourself .
let me start out by saying that we rarely look to dining out for italian food . we have found that to find quality italian worthy of spending $ $ outside of our own home ha been difficult to find in the burg . do not get me wrong , there are plenty of italian restaurant out there , but none we would seek out for a special occasion , so to speak . we have always found the new york/new jersey establishment more to our liking ... .until now.alla famiglia is nestled in a not so nice of a neighborhood in the burg called allentown . although we were never worried , but i could see how some may feel it is out of place in it is location . there is valet parking , so need to worry about your car while dining . now once you are inside , you will soon forget where you are.the inside is very small and there are 3 floor where you may be seated for your meal . on this occassion , we were seated on the third floor . way up , climbing 3 flight of stair can work up an appetite . once on the 3rd level however , you can enjoy some of the religious artwork and beautiful stainglass featured throughout the dining area . there were 5 table of various size and the bonus wa the private restroom located nearby , so you did not have to manage the step again until you were finished with your meal . i would also like to mention that we were dining early and although the room wa rather private at first , it became quite loud a the evening went on and other patron were being seated . i also think the free flowing wine helped the noise level a the night progressed . needle to say , we had difficulty hearing one another towards the end of the meal.there were 5 in our party and our server wa very attentive throughout the night to make sure any request or special customizations were welcomed and met . we started our meal with the complimentary bread , dipping oil , goat cheese spread and cheese medley brought to the table . we all agreed to share the famous 12 oz stuffed meatball which wa enjoyed by everyone at the table . in fact , everyone wa asking for more of the wonderful sauce to accompany thier bread.several item are served family style and come with any of the entree that are ordered . we were then delivered and very tasty salad tossed with a light vinegarette which included olive , nut and cranberry . gorgonzola wa brought on the side if desired . then the pasta with vodka sauce made it is arrival . several mentioned that they would have just ordered this if they knew how delicious it wa . and this wa just the beginning ... .on came the entree , several veal dish were ordered , a it is their signature item on the menu . although there were also many special offered that night , everyone seemed to gear towards the classic . i ordered the veal marsala , which wa delish ! it wa certainly one of the best i have had . one member of our dining party ordered the special pork chop offered that wa huge ! another entree ordered wa the filet mignon topped with lump crab meat and gorgonzola cream sauce . it literally melted in your mouth ! i decided this would definitely be ordered on my next visit . all the food wa cooked perfectly to order and scrumptious ! we were all pretty full but decided to share the burnt almond tiramisu stuffed with raspberry for dessert . it wa divine ! i swear i heard the angel in the nearby painting sing a we devoured it ! a others had mentioned , it is a bit pricey , but for special occassions it is a must do . i felt it wa quite worth every penny of our bill which wa $ 306 for the party of 5 . ( we did byob ) we have dined at much more expensive establishment and left unimpressed , which wa not the case at all here.the only negative wa the long walk down the step through the many other diner after too much wine . it can be challenging ! so , watch your step ! but do make a visit , you will not be disappointed !
outstanding meal . will absolutely go back . restaurant is small with very busy/tight space vibe . try antipasto appetizer if available when you go . also , the meatball appetizer is kind of a signature item to this establishment , so absolutely try a well . all entree come with salad and pasta , so come ready for a big meal that will be worth every calorie , every bite . we had veal and duck entree and they really were quite deliciously special . lot of leftover came home with u . area not so shady , so do not let this discourage you . they have valet a well , which make parking easy .
this spot is the definition of a hidden gem . i lived in pittsburgh for 5 year and still had not been here or heard of it despite my extreme obsession with italian food . it wa thanks to yelp we discovered it and what a discovery ! ! ! ! it been a couple month since i ate here so my memory of each course is a little foggy but , suffice it to say , that every single time i now crave italian food , this restaurant is what come to mind . i now live in philly otherwise i would probably end up here every other week ( which would hit hard on the wallet since it delicious but pricey ) .it is a small place with a very romantic/intimate vibe and an authentic feel . the portion were generous and extremely tasted even better re-heated the next day ( a rare thing ) . the one thing i would advise is do not gorge on the bread ! this will be very difficult to do a it is delicious , along with the oil it is served with but you will regret it because there will be a lot of food coming afterwards . the waiter warned u but we could not resist and barely had room for the delicious course that followed.this might be one of my all time favorite restaurant and i plan to come here again ( most likely for an occasion that warrant the cost ) .
their price are exorbitant but so worth it . i have only had italian this good in ny , la , and italy . no wonder there are picture of celebrity all over the wall . what a hidden gem . $ 260 for two ? money well spent .
let me say this place is awesome ! heard about it through word of mouth from a friend , and decided to get reservation ... and it wa such a good dining experience ! grade a+ italian . got the meatball appetizer and it wa delicious . my girlfriend got the seafood diablo , my god ! it wa spicy and delicious ... i absolutely loved . i ordered the veal chop ! my god it tasted tender buttery and made my tastebud flourish . the pasta sauce wa made perfectly and the salad wa tangy and contained a number of mind blasting flavor a well ! service wa very good and friendly . our server wa named daniel . he did a fantastic job.great place for an anniversary , birthday , or any really quality meal.love it , will return .
everything about alla famiglia wa outstanding . they start you off with freshly baked bread accompanied with olive oil with basil and pepper , a chickpea , pepper flake and cheese mix , and a goat cheese and walnut spread . the next course is a salad with red wine vinaigrette with olive , roasted red pepper and raisin . they bring out a pasta with vodka sauce about 5 minute before the entree , sort of like a side to the meal . my boyfriend got the veal chop milanese which wa excellent , soft with a crispy crust . i got the seafood diavolo , it wa pure seafood heaven for me . it had a nice spicy kick to it , without being overbearing . the wait staff wa very attentive and friendly . i will say that it is not a cheap restaurant ( entree started at $ 50 ) , so definitely a special occasion place , but totally worth it !
pretty good food , i felt so miserably full afterwards . i think the thing that come with the meal are far better than the meal itself . i really enjoyed the warm bread and the salad with candied walnut . family style pasta wa included a well , if i go back again i will only want those thing .
this is the best restaurant in pittsburgh . the atmosphere is only outdone by the quality of the food . order the veal chop . phenomenal experience and the only place i recommend to every person that visit pittsburgh !
without question the best italian food i have devour ! everything they make is simply delicious ! i can not really write a 3 paragraph essay when there is one word ... . perfect - you may never own a bentley ! but you can eat a if you own one !
the food wa good . limited selection . good , t great . felt a little rushed through our meal even though it wa a slow night .
old school italian . enough said . this place set the standard for great italian food.the meatball are a muct have and the pasta are incredible.i had a veal chop with long hots . it just doe not get any better.and do not miss the tiramisu . a good a it get .
my favorite restaurant in pittsburgh . always delicious and i always order a different entree . the accompaniment to the meal are perfect . every . single . time . love this place !
this place is wildly , unabashedly , insanely- two thing . 1 ) honest . it is honest in it presentation and commitment to the abbreviated menu that it produce . 2 ) outstanding . the chef and his team execute at a very very high level . protip : i came in on a very slow moment . early early dinner with some work people . we had the pleasure of talking to the chef- a we were seated at the table just by the door , in close proximity to the kitchen ( you will get it when you get there ) . we liked the guy so much we handed the menu back to the server and told him to just bring u whatever the chef suggested . the whole meal wa amazing . but i will say this without any qualification . the next sentence is not at all taken lightly . the smoked cheese app with truffle oil , arugula , and lemon wa the best first bite of food i have ever had in my life , a life that ha had a considerable amount of top contender for bite . let that sink in . go eat here .
rating the overall experience we had here.first off this is family style multi-course meal ; every main dish come with a salad and pasta dish to share . the salad is one of the best salad i remember eating and could easily be enough for an appetizer . the pasta tossed in a vodka sauce wa just ok . the homemade pasta is not actually made in house ( i asked ) , but it is 'fresh , ' which i am assuming meant bought from a store on the strip or a market district.we had also ordered the calamari and the meatball appetizer because we were starving and that proved to be way too much food for a family of 5 . if you must get an appetizer , i highly recommend the meatball , you will not regret.the veal chop is easily the best thing on the menu and where alla famiglia really shine . from all the pasta plate and steak and seafood dish that were ordered at our table , the veal chop wa by the unanimous favorite at our table . incredible flavor and tender cut , but by the time you get to the main course , you are full with the bread , salad , and pasta that come before you can not really enjoy it fully . most plate come with a side of their grilled veggie ( which again were ok ) , but some dish come with nothing so i would make sure to ask if you need a side . so long story short , this is a marathon and do not expect to be done in an hour and a half . pace so you can really enjoy that veal chop at the end ! when you first walk in it seems very small , but there are back room and stair that go up one or two floor . there is also a back patio one floor up from ground floor . it is tight sitting space , but very cute and authentically italian . so now that we established that the ambiance and food are pretty solid , the thing that earned this 3 star is how we were hosted to our table . we had a reservation at 7:30pm and were 30minutes early , which we recognize is nowhere near to our reservation time so we elected to grab drink and sit on the patio . when 7:30 come around we inquire about our table only to be told that there wa not a sitting space yet , which would be ok minus the fact that there were multiple table open that we asked about . 7:45 we asked again and were told that they were setting up a table immediately . 8:10 come around and we are still not seated so had to ask the hostess again , which apologized and sat u at the table we had asked about 40 minute ago when our reservation time wa . it took 40 minute to seat u at our table for our reservation time of 7:30 when there were table open.it wa a frustrating experience because everyone wa hungry and we were not even offered bread sitting on their patio ... the frustration unfortunately set the mood for the dinner and although our food wa great , we did not really enjoy the time we had here . we really wanted to love alla famiglia . perhaps we will try one more time and hope our experience is better .
i have reviewed and i will review again ... best italian in pittsburgh by far ! you have to experience at least once .
one of the best meal that i have had in pittsburgh . we had the mussel in a slightly spicy red sauce , and their meatball . for both of these appetizer , the sauce wa amazing - the best that i have had . so good that i could have happily made a meal out of the sauce and their bread , which wa hot and fresh . for our entres , we had the lamb chop and the veal chop , cooked milanese style . both dish were cooked perfectly - the milanese wa pan fried and a bit delicately flavored , but wonderful . the service wa very good , and all the staff were working very hard and quick , but were available to answer question and assist u when needed . i would recommend making reservation well in advance and trying to get one of the table upstairs - a more quiet and intimate setting , also slightly more comfortable temperature wise for me . the kitchen is downstairs , and is open to the dining room , so i think we got some of the heat . i will definitely go back there someday .
from the appetizer to the meal itself everything wa great . our server bob wa informative and detailed in explaining the menu a great addition to this establishment .
there wa a wonderful staff that i would go for to my surprise the last time i went i wa disappointed the wonderful staff he had wa gone i wa not happy with my last experience and it wa not a homey and family oriented a it wa before food wa not that great either ! not happy about the new staff . also over heard the owner using racial slur and provocative term that just made my stomach turn for these reason i will not be returning !
excellent food ! ! ! ! ! very expensive but you do get very high quality food and plenty if it . the portion are huge . it kind of seems out of place in it location but whatever
i do not say this with many 2 star rating but i would like to go back for another try . the reason is simple , in reading the review below , i have to assume we hit alla famigilia on a bad night , at least i hope so . the main reason for the low rating wa the service . we were seated on the third floor which is their bar area , at a high top table and the bar tender wa our server . she had to mix drink for every table on the third floor , tend to the patron at the bar and come around to wait on our table . that wa not fair to her and definitely not fair to u . her service and attentiveness lacked for obvious reason but even when she wa `` free '' she walked by our table without a glance and wa apparently hard of hearing . furthermore , when ever one person got her attention for another drink or something , she said okay and left , without giving anyone else a chance to order . the rest of the staff tried to pick up the slack a little but they were jammed a well . sound weird , but i never felt so rushed in a 3 hour dinner . the food took awhile , which is fine and expected on a busy saturday night , just keep the drink flowing and stop by once in a awhile so we do not notice.i also did not like that we were seated at a high top table . i love the high top for drink and a few apps but for a 3 hour meal , these were uncomfortable , especially if your leg did not hit the chair cross bar correctly ( either too short or too tall ) .the food wa good , very good in some instance and disappointing in one . i loved the pasta with vodka sauce and the salad , both part of the entree which is unusual for a high end restaurant . the meatball appetizer and the calamari and shrimp appetizer were the best thing i ate all evening . the biggest disappointment wa the veal chop . i love a good bone in veal chop but wa leaning towards a seafood dish . i ended up changing my mind right before i ordered a i saw the veal chop brought out to another table and it looked amazing . the disappointment wa it wa over-cooked . it came out medium well at best ( closer to well ) and for $ 68 , and for the amount they were serving that night , they should know how to cook them to perfection . not a spot of pink to be found . no one even asked u during our meal if everything wa okay or any issue . when most of the chop remained on my plate and everyone else is entree wa 90 % eaten , not even a `` wa everything okay '' . just clear me out and get on with the next one.i hope to have the opportunity to go back and i will not be seated in the third floor bar area and i will not get my same waitress and give it another try . i expected so much more .
we visited for our anniversary and let me start off by saying that dinner here is an event . be prepared to come and stay for hour and enjoy your food , company , and wine . a couple near u wa in a hurry and i feel like they missed out on half the fun of dinner . but to each their own.i love a good coursed meal , absolutely love it . we started with the hand rolled mozzarella , which wa fantastic . a wa the white bean spread . the salad wa fresh and crisp . my absolute favorite part of the meal though wa the pasta with vodka sauce . i could write song about this pasta dish . i am telling you now the next time we return i will simply eat this pasta until i am so full i could die a fat and happy death . for our entree chris had the veal chop ( holy mother this thing had to weigh 5 pound ! and it wa perfectly cooked ) . and i very much enjoyed the mahi . we did not even remotely save room for dessert . the best part ofall of this wa that we had enough food to have a complete meal the next day for three people . the portion are that generous . but oh that pasta . my mouth water just thinking about it !
i enjoyed my meal at alla famiglia . the service is great and the atmosphere is ok ( a little oddly decorated for such a high-end eatery ) . however , i do not know that the food wa so good that it justified the high price point . this place is expensive and reserved for special occasion , which i knew coming in , but i wa not really that blown away by my meal . you do get a lot of food , but walking away with $ 300+ bill for a group of 4 just seems over the top when you consider the fact you are eating mostly pasta .
definitely an experience . make sure you save room for many course high class . perfect for a anniversary dinner or date night . salad where amazing fresh and crisp . pasta coarse wa delicious . waiter were attentive but not overwhelming . bar service wa friendly and gin martini wa strong but delicious . fabulous restaurant
this is hand down the best restaurant in pittsburgh . the food ha been consistently perfect . the service is amazing . the drink are big . they are planning an expansion to increase table space . jonathan know the business and is the best in town . the veal chop is the signature dish with several preparation . every dinner is complimented with salad and vodka pasta that is a meal in and of itself . the meatball appetizer can not be skipped . it is stuffed with mozzarella and topped with parmesan cheese . jonathan also ha the restaurant in peter twp which is a smaller version of alla famiglia but still very good !
this place is amazing ! from start to finish our experience wa fantastic . our server wa friendly and knowledgable . i really liked the coziness of the layout a a renovated house . the kitchen is on the first floor when you walk in . they bring out a warm loaf of bread and several accompaniment -- oil -- cheese -- chick pea and olive ... deeeelish ! there is no rush , think of it a a dining experience -- so do not go if you are in a hurry -- - you want to enjoy every part . also -- go hungry . every review said to get the meatball app so i thought i had to try it too ! ! ! i will say -- get the meatball app ! it is delicious . after your appetizer arrives , they will bring out salad family style and it is not your average salad . there are walnut and olive on a bed of mixed green . it wa wonderful . then come the pasta with vodka sauce ( everyone get some ! ! ! ) which wa incredible . save most of it for your lunch tomorrow because your entree will be fantastic ! ! ! i had the swordfish which wa covered in lump crab meat . sooooo good ! ! ! i wa too full for dessert . i will definitely be back . it is a great place for a celebration or when you want a meal to savor . the owner walked around and talked to table and even brought out our meal . our dinner for two wa around $ 150 and we had cocktail . this place is worth the splurge .
ok , probably one of the nicer meal i have had out in a long time . food wa over the top excellent.spendy no doubt but if you have the chance , this is a must . seating is a little tight and service to honest could have been better attention to detail . but the food , jeeez , i mean really really well done . the the veal chop milanese is off the hook and the portion are giant . the pasta is superb . the cheesecake is absolutely fantastic and i may inquire on the recipe for that one . if you have a chance this is a must do .
what a fantastic meal . apps were delicious but too much food with entree ! staff wa very helpful to box leftover . great wine list . we look forward to returning soon . the meatball were great . the fresh mozzarella wa fantastic . oh and the veal ! every entree wa a winner ! even the house salad wa great .
we were in from out of town and someone recommended we go here . we did not know we would need reservation , but when we walked in , the owner john actually seated u right away at the bar and invited u to eat there even without the reservation , and believe me they were packed . he wa very accommodating . the bartender josh wa amazing and just a good with the food menu a he wa with the drink menu . staff wa polite , selection wa perfect , not overwhelmingly big or too limited . most importantly of course , the food wa amazing . i have eaten in many very notable restaurant around the country , and this one is right up there with the best of them . 5 star across the board . nothing too complain about whatsoever !
5 star : 3rd time we have been and the food get better every time ! the meatball appetizer is a must starter . salad and pasta delicious not to mention the bread and accompaniment . veal chop is fantastic . desert out of this world good . atmosphere in the front is right next to the kitchen ... delicious ! chef jonathan and alla familia ha been a fixture long before the pittsburgh food scene boom ! we will make a point to go back more and more often .
we had the mushroom , meatball appetizer , pasta , salad , veal piccata and spaghetti with clam sauce . a nice pasta dish with roasted veggie and marinara wa made a a special order . but i wa not wowed by this restaurant . large portion are not enough to impress me . the taste were good , but for the price , i will expect better . if you are a big meat eater , or love to eat huge amount of pasta , ok , this is great . but the sauce were just ok , nothing spectacular . spaghetti with clam wa covered with red pepper flake but not noted a such on the menu . would you like someone to cover your pizza slice with red pepper flake without asking ? i am sure the desert are good but we did not have any - but the size of the appetizer and entree is just over the top , but not worth the premium price to me .
this is my favorite place to eat ! the green and bean , the meatball , and the hot cheese for appetizer are excellent . i love the pasta with a dash of the oil they give you . the alfredo in the cheese wheel is an excellent alternative to red sauce . i have tried just about every dish there and never had a bad meal . the veal chop is by far my favorite . huge portion which usually come home ! ! ; ) the atmosphere is a very quaint three story house , use valet parking , because the area is not the best ! lol but the police station is a cross the street . so it is all good ! this is the perfect place for a great meal with great service for any function or just date night !
this place is so special and we are so lucky to have it in pittsburgh . our table wa not ready when we got there . so they took u upstairs to the bar . we had not been here in year so seeing the bar upstairs wa brand-new to u . the cocktail were fantastic ! while we were up there , we met the owner , and he made some recommendation to u . you have to get a meatball appetizer to split with the table . four of u split one and it wa plenty . they had littleneck clam on special and they were done absolutely perfectly . our husband got veal parmesan and loved it . we also had bean and green appetizer it wa delicious . next time , i would probably get it without the sausage . it wa delicious but i am not much of a sausage person.there were so many other thing that we could have ordered it wa hard to decide . you really feel like you are at someone is house when you are eating there . i would only want to sit in the front room to see the kitchen . we still were able to bring our own wine there like so many year ago . we will be back again very soon . if you have never been here ... you definitely need to go . and if you have not been in a while you need to get back there .
what an awesome spot that my family and i visited for my birthday ! i am so glad my friend recommended it . they have course that come with your meal and they are all delicious . the salad is meant for sharing , and the dressing is bright and refreshing and such a great start to the meal . the pasta is delicious , and the spicy oil they give you to pour on really add an awesome zing of flavor . i had the filet for dinner , and it wa cooked perfectly . the sauce wa great a well . overall , the meal wa incredible ! ! our waiter wa also so amazing , and even taught me how to properly open a wine bottle and wa so attentive to u . we all really enjoyed our experience and i definitely want to go back soon !
my family ate here last night and have nothing but amazing thing to say ! ! ! from the veal my mother and father ate to the seafood diavolo that my brother and i ate ... everything wa perfection ! the vodka sauce is the best i ever had ! ! i love the family style 4 course meal . it is not bucca di beppo , this is real italian eating . coming from a family of italian , that mean a lot ! i never felt rushed , we had plenty of time between course . that is so so important . this wa my second experience here and it wa even better than my first . i will most certainly be back ! thank you alla famiglia , for another amazing experience !
alla famiglia felt exactly like sitting around the table for sunday dinner with my italian family ( minus the shouting ) . the best way to describe this place is it is the best homemade meal you will ever receive from a restaurant.we went on a weekday evening and ordered the meatball a an appetizer after a suggestion by our waitress courtney , ( who wa ridiculously nice , helpful , and amazing at her job ) . she did not steer u wrong . get the meatball , it is life changing.i ordered the filet mignon which came with a pasta side in alla vodka sauce . i have been searching in vain in pittsburgh to find a place that know how to make vodka sauce ; i have found it . everything wa delicious and made exactly a requested.my only regret is that i did not know this place existed previously . worth every penny and then some . i can not wait to go back .
the best italian in pittsburgh ! i have been hearing about this restaurant for about a year and decided to try it for my birthday . if you can get past the location , you are in for a real dining experience . it is small , quaint , and ha unusual decor . the staff is friendly and accommodating . the food is amazing ! ! ! most restaurant in pittsburgh are ok , some are good . alla famiglia is a step above all the rest . every bite of my meal wa perfection . you will not be disappointed . it is pricey , but well worth it .
absolutely fabulous ! device is superb . food wa second to none . the staff did not rush you thru your meal . highly recommended !
if you want one of the best , most authentic italian dining experience in the country then look no further than here . but bring your wallet . my girlfriend and i came here last weekend . to start off we got the meatball appetizer . ( which is more than enough to feed 4 people , we had to take it home and it is to die for ) then they brought out a pasta dish with vodka sauce . ( which is also to die for ) and for the main course i had the cowboy steak gorgonzola . which absolutely changed my life . and my girl had the linguini del mare . which she said wa very good . this establishment is not only one of the best in the region , it is one of the best eating establishment in the country . and i would recommend to anyone that is visiting the area or those who live here and have not tried it yet . also , do not let the neighborhood that it is in scare you , they have a safe valet parking service . i hope this review helped ... enjoy !
man , i read the review and really wa excited to try this place . i am no going to make a long winded review but i am going to tell the cold hard truth ... there wa a gas leak and they were being forced to close early . thier solution wa to cook everything and bring it out to the table at one time . ugh ! ! ! ! a 5 course meal in an hour and 15 minute . if i am spending $ 150 for a meal for 2 i will like it to not have all the course at once.next , ( and this is unbelievable ) we were on the second floor and at the bar 5 foot away wa a pair of hooker . lol ! ! ! ! how do i know they were prostitute ? well between drunkenly and loudly dropping the `` f '' bomb they would drunkenly and loudly discus business . when we asked if they should be shut off we were told there wa little that could be done because they were regular . i swear i am not making this up ... i should post in tip `` when making reservation ask to be seated in a room different from the prostitute . `` i will say the service wa a 5 star quality and the food wa good . to be honest i am not sure if i will go back or recommend to others like it wa recommended to me . based on all the other review i am guessing it wa just a off night ... .
crappy place . definitely not worth the price . very small place . didnt really have the ambiance that is found in normal restaurant . i made reservation and still the table wa not ready . i am definitely not going to the place again .
on a business trip here for the first time and found this place via yelp . amazing food ! ! great service ! ! rival nyc is little italy ! delicious ! definitely on the top of my re-visit list .
my grandmother , a woman from italy who express little emotion , commented `` they have good food there '' after we left -- the ultimate sign of approval . i called the restaurant on the day of , and while they clearly were pretty booked , the hostess graciously fit our party in ( for a party of 5 they plan to allocate 2.5 hr ) . there wa unexpected traffic on our way in , so called to give a head up , and whoever picked up wa very forgiving and even tried to help u find a better route . though we arrived a few minute late for the reservation , this wa not made to be a big deal and we were seated immediately . the atmosphere is a if you are having dinner in your italian grandmother house ( i know this because i have an italian grandmother ) , very warm and cozy and decoration that can stimulate a conversation . they have a nice selection of cocktail , and of course wine , but it is definitely a place you go for the food . our waiter told u they currently get their bread from mancinis , but made it sound a though they will be going back to making their own rather soon . the bread is offered with multiple option for spreading/dipping including an olive oil based dip and a goat cheese spread , which wa my favorite . for appetizer , we tried the meatball -- which come out a one giant meatball but wa more than enough a an appetizer for 5 -- and the fried cheese . both were delicious , and my brother even took the extra red sauce home . the main course did not disappoint either . with each entree you get a `` side '' salad -- which wa good enough to be a meal itself -- and some of their clearly homemade pasta . i am not sure if they always serve the side the same way , but he pasta came in a vodka sauce that wa just the right amount of creamy and spicy , and they offer an oil you can add individually if you are one that like extra spice . i had the cotoletta del monzu ( forgive my spelling ) or breaded veal cutlet and crabmeat , so juicy and flavorful . my brother ( who i did not think ate seafood ) had a seafood diavlo dish and loved it . the only complaint wa that the `` spicy oil '' wa still not spicy enough , but i doubt this would be of concern to anyone besides my mother . in summary , i am a person who generally doe not like to go to italian restaurant -- i do not really like pasta and i have had so much italian food in my life -- but if you live in or are even just visiting pittsburgh , alla famiglia is a must !
fabulous food and wine selection . love going here for special occasion . every single thing we have ordered ha been excellent . the hot pepper infused olive oil to drizzle on the pasta is so yummie - you can buy a bottle to take home a well !
for convenient take-out chinese , this place is the bomb . my judge of chinese take-out depends on the quality of their hot & sour soup . this soup is lovely with big chunk of tofu and little mushroom floating throughout it - though i will prefer some more exotic mushroom thrown in too . overall , this place ha quick service and throw in lot of big chunk of fresh vegetable . when is the last time you had vegetable fried rice with chunk of bell pepper , broccoli , pea pod , and onion . the kung pao chicken could be spicier but next time i will ask . the allentown neighborhood of no . 1 china house is it major detractor . i will be concerned about safety heading up there at night . for delivery , however , you will get all your basic quickly and be happy with your order .
it your typical run of the mill chinese take out ... but i must say , between 3 move around the immediate south and a name change ( theyre now abc garden ) i have stuck with these guy . never had a disappointing encounter with them , even with the constant delivery staff change . their all day combo have a huge amount of food and theyre only about $ 8 . also , i prefer my lo mein with sauce only , and they do not have any problem accommodating . anyone else i order from always seems to have an issue and give me the gross vegetable too . these little point along with quick delivery make them my go-to when i need a quick noodle fix .
the name is abc garden and this is the best chinese food i have had in pittsburgh . this place completely satisfies my chinese food craving when i want that balance between fried deliciousness and fresh ingredient . the neighborhood is kinda dodgy but since they deliver ( and quick , i might add ) , there is no need to tread into sketchville to pick up the delectable chinese offering . also , there are free extra when you order $ 20 or more ( such a a 2 liter of pepsi ) .update : much to my great sadness and disappointment , i have had to stop patronizing this establishment due to the extremely rude and unprofessional man they hired to answer the phone . we tolerated it the first few time , even got a laugh out of the fact that he actually dropped the f bomb a few time while taking our order . but when he became hostile and irate with me on a recent order , it wa all over . he started like he always doe by laughing at our street name and having me spell it 5 time , then interrupted the order without excusing himself to set down the phone and yell at some child i heard in the background , then he argued with me about what the menu in my hand said , telling me i wa wrong and it said something different . he wa aggressive , frustrated , impatient and clearly ha some psychological problem . i had to make the painful decision to give up this place in spite of the lovely fresh vegetable and tofu cooked to perfection . : ( i am trying no . 1 kitchen on brownsville instead .
well , the delivery wa fast at least . everything else wa yucky . avoid !
best rate and deal . i now live in arizona and still bank with dollar bank because i have been so satisfied with the offer and customer service ! free atm service nation wide , 1 % interest on free money saving account and they give me .10 when i use my debit card . what more could i ask for ?
never thought i would be reviewing a bank , but that is the beauty of yelp ! you can review so much more than just restaurant ! i live fairly close to this bank and my parent use dollar bank , which is basically the reason i use them . i have been with this bank for about 8 year or so and have never had a problem with them ! i love their free checking and i have a saving account with them a well . their home equity is awesome too- fixed interest rate of 3.25 % . this particular branch ha very helpful and friendly employee . they have a drive thru and it is always quick and easy . they will even give your dog a treat if they are in the car : ) . i have also never experienced long line in this branch which is always nice !
i would not recommend working with dollar bank for a home mortgage . they jerked u around for almost 2 month to the point we switched to 5/3 bank . 5/3 got the farther in 2 week then dollar did in 2 month . unfortunately for u a we were closing with 5/3 our seller unexpectedly passed away . now we are in a wait and see mode with probate to see if we can still buy the house . if dollar bank would have done their job we would have had this deal done before this happened . my new goal is to deter anybody i know away from dollar bank . their back office in underwriting and processing is a joke and need to be fixed badly . save yourself the trouble and avoid dollar bank at all cost
they were able to fix my broken ( and real ) nail and paint them in 20 minute and for only $ 9 . how can you beat that ? the staff is very friendly and well worth the visit . i will not hesitate to go again !
i wa thrilled to finally find a yelp review with 4 star and only one dollar sign on yelp in the south hill . moving from la recently where for some reason everything is more expensive ... except nail salon ! now , i am by no mean , a spa rat but i do like to pamper the toe every now and again . so one afternoon when i had some spare time , i gave them a try . i wa totally underwhelmed . from nail polish in the front with dust on it ( how long have they been there ? ) to sitting in a spa chair with ripped upholstery i felt neither pampered nor impressed . i might have looked beyond such thing because of the affordable price till i got home and realized that my nail had not been cut short a i had very clearly asked nor had she taking care of an ingrown toenail . a week later i had to cut my own toe and ruin my all right looking pedicure . this place doe not feel clean or inviting . the decor wa junkie and old and cluttered . i will say that everyone wa very friendly and they did take me right away when i walked in . i wa really pulling for you , future nail . but sadly , i do not see you at all in my future . 1.5 star
if it wa not for how fast and affordable the place is it would have no star at all . i got a fill and a fix because i broke a nail . first off they did not cut down my nail so now they are obnoxiously long . second off they are so thin i feel like they are just going to crack off . not to mention it seems very dirty.. i wa very uncomfortable the whole time i wa there . one of the nail tech wa constantly hitting on me . i will not be returning again .
i would never get my nail done here again ... they are always very busy , the wait time is too long , i have just left because it wa taking too long ... they are very pricey ! they charge for everything they do to your nail ... if you get a design they will charge per line on nail . if you get a white manicure full set and want colored line underneath it , they charge for extra for the colored line . they are not very friendly there at all either .
not a bad place to get your nail done . i have been to better place . but , if your in a pinch and need a nail place , this is not a bad place at all . there is a wait so if you can make an appointment you probably will be better off . i had to wait 1/2 hour a a walk in at 3:30pm . i gave 1 star because what the woman charged me for a basic mani & pedi wa ridiculous . $ 50 . and i did not get any design or deluxe . too over priced for mani and pedi .
i love it here . it is so cheap and i have never had any problem here . every nail tech i have had listens to what i want and so far i have been happy . they are not the cleanest of place though but it is probably because they always have customer . nobody really try to make small talk with me but i am fine with that . they are a hidden gem !
we had an issue with our whole house air conditioning so we had to call someone . the first one we called , fagnelli heating & cooling , came out and diagnosed the problem- our unit wa about 2-3 pound low of freon . it wa an old unit and that freon would have cost around $ 120 per pound so we were looking at $ 360 just to charge it back up . they also identified the leak & rust spot that would probably allowed it to continue leaking ... time for a new unit . fagnelli quoted u $ 3700 for the complete job which included a 10yr warranty . that a/c check itself cost u close to $ 400 because they did a dye test to find the leak . then we called staab for an estimate . they came when they were supposed to , did a similar inspection and quoted a similar ( 3 ton ) unit for $ 2700 plus $ 300 for a 10 yr warranty . of course they got the job.they showed up at 8:45am , 15 minute early , were very professional ( even put down sheet over our carpet to catch any dust & debris from the inside unit a they carried it through the house ) , kept my wife informed of their process but did not try to train her on how to install them ( you know how some tradesman do- they want you to understand way too much than you really want to know ) , and they finished up the job by noon . they cleaned up the entire workspace so i had no idea they were even down there aside from gleaming new equipment . i would definately recommend them to anyone.thanks staab !
woke up to furnace not working ... called my home warranty company twg.twg said this company is their 'priority ' bryant repair contractor and sent a work order ... i called and wa told someone would call me back ... one hour later i called again and an extremely rude woman told me she sent a message to twg that they could not take the job.when i asked the woman why no one called me back she said it is not our job to call you back ! terrible customer service ! luckily lakewood mechanical inc on campbell run road wa able to get to my house and make the repair within hours.call lakewood..not staab and son ! ! !
not sure what is happened at staab but i am not impressed or happy . our house is plumbing and hvac system have been serviced exclusively by staab for something like 40 year . they were a reliable , easy-to-work-with company . now , they are `` all business . '' got our seasonal service contract in january ... but could not get service until june . requested an estimate for a leaking bathtub ... but got the invoice three day before i got the estimate . and then got a past due `` dunning notice '' 6 day after the service call . truly , you do not need this kind of grief .
extortion : well not exactly since nobody forced me to give them money under threat , but these people definitely know when your in a bad spot and they can charge you what ever they want . unfortunately they are also in a business where that scenario happens all the time . good thing i am very handy and have a good sense how long thing take to . anybody that is not would be totally screwed by these people . i had a terracotta sewer line that wa cracked at the common lateral . it wa about 5 foot of 4 '' pipe that needed replaced and a smaller drain line from the kitchen that had to tied back into it . i dug up the old line and exposed everything . my plan wa to do it all myself until i hit the common lateral which wa a 8 '' pipe and i could not get the fitting from home depot . in come is staab to the rescue . i did all the heavy lifting and got a quote to just fix the line . which consisted of cutting the 8 '' common later line , install a y fitting and then tie that back into my 4 '' line . i thought maybe a day worth of work and a couple hundred dollar worth of fitting . the problem is that i have no toilet or running water until this get fixed and they could see that . the quote wa $ 2600 dollar . i asked them to explain the high cost and they estimated 2 people for 2 day and said the fitting were really expensive . i said i would get back to them . back in the hole i go to stubbed in a temporary line on my own to get by for a couple day and then called a bunch of plumber to get quote . one quote $ 950 , another quote wa $ 1150 . i went with the $ 1150 because he could start the job in a couple of day . he came when he said and did a great job and he wa done in 5 hour and onto the next call . you should not use these people if you are in a situation where they can stick it to you . because they will.the good news is that now that we have the internet company like this will not be able to get away with it forever ... ..
this would have been 5 star but they are not a consistent a they once were . my order is usually always right..every time i get cheese lover or extra cheese now a day it is never on there ... there is only 1 delivery driver who will come into my apartment building and to my door . the others are for some reason scared and i have to meet them at the sidewalk outside ! they tend to get very busy , once wa told the delivery time would be 2 hour . otherwise it is pizza hut , taste the same , same quality .
i ordered pizza from this location recently . when i went in to pick up the pizza , i waited for about 10-15 minute before anyone even acknowledged that i wa there . i wa the only customer in the store , they were just simply ignoring me . there were two people in the back that saw me several time , yet never even stopped to say , `` we will be with you in a minute '' , they just ignroed me . about 10 minute into my wait the cashier/front store clerk came in through the back door with a handful of scratch off lottery ticket that he obviously just bought , and rather than put them down to ring me up when he saw me , he also pretended a if i wa not there and walked off somewhere , i assume , to scratch his lottery ticket . needle to say , i will never be going here again .
my night wa ruined thanks to this pizza hut . i got 3 pizza , one for my boyfriend , brother and myself ; at first glance they looked great , but when my brother started eating his pizza and found a hair it made me so disgusted but i continued to eat it anyway . when i found a hair in my own separate pizza it made me absolutely sick and could not even finish my 2nd piece . i find it repulsive that obviously your cook do not wear any hair net since there were multiple hair in my pizza . this wa my first real meal since getting my wisdom teeth out 3 day ago so thanks for ruining that for me . it safe to say i do not think i will ever be ordering from this unsanitary , disgusting location again !
i waited 1 hour and 45 minute for my pizza to be delivered . then when i got it , it wa cold ! i wa so hungry but refused to eat that stuff !
we do not order delivery from the carrick location anymore , we drive out to brentwood when we want pizza hut . yes it is inconvenient , but it is better then taking your chance with what you will get from this filthy , unorganized , slow location . since the health department ha not gotten around to shutting them down yet may i suggest calling your doctor to make sure your current on all your shot before you bite in . that is if you can get sold of anyone to place an order in the first place . year from now we are going to learn on the news that the reason why they never took order wa because they only delivered to their friend who called them on their cellphone . when they dropped off the pizza we are going to find out they were dropping off drug ! at least this scenario make sense .
ordered online with pizza hut at 9:39pm , wa routed to this store . estimated delivery wa 10:09 , tried calling at 10:44 ( store is `` open '' until 11 ) received message that store wa closed . checked my credit card statement , wa charged and then refunded . i am guessing they did not feel like doing the delivery or even bothering to notify me . i will not do business with this store or any of the franchisee is store again . the franchisee apparently is aurora hut llc , which owns 55 ( all ? ) of the pittsburgh area pizza hut .
it is pretty average chinese food . their egg roll and dumpling were decent enough a wa the hawaii five o dish i had wa ok too . the service is a little slow a well .
had hunan wok yesterday because it wa on my way home . i have heard mixed review so i wanted to try it for myself . i tried to peruse the menu before ordering but i could not find it online anywhere which is disappointing because the hard copy they have available had at least 300 different option from apps , combo , side , and entree . i got their general tso is chicken ( extra spicy ) and because my order wa a take-out over $ 12 , they threw in two free egg roll . # win ( other offer are free 1 small fried rice w/purchase of $ 16 , free general tso is or sesame chicken w/purchase over $ 28 ) i called on my way there and it took about 10-15 ... . when i walked in , everything wa ready to go . large portion of chicken wa served in plastic and rice wa in standard paper folder container . they were not stingy about duck sauce , soy sauce , and fortune cooky . # win # winjust like the review below , the general tso is wa just so-so . it definitely wa not extra spicy but it did have a mild kick to it . to me , the sauce tasted a bit like wing sauce from a dive bar . i would get it again because it wa good but it did not have an oriental flavor to it . when ordering from a strip mall chinese food place , i always expect each piece of general tso is to be a quarter chicken and the rest fatty breading to which i dissect and just eat the meat . my expectation were met but i wa not disappointed because the chicken wa good . the meal had a decent amount of broccoli in it which wa cooked perfectly for my taste , a little firmer . the egg roll were ok. super crispy and not much filling ... plenty of oil . they were free and so i can not really complain . i will definitely eat here again . i will probably try sha cha chicken because it is spicier or kung po . this place is good if you want cheap food that will hit a chinese take-out craving . everyone that worked there wa really nice - even the chef in the back said hello . that alone go a long way in my opinion . side note - it is the day after and i am not sick so i give my seal of health approval .
i live closeby so i have been there dozen of time . i usually get chicken with broccoli or moo goo gai pan . my sister vi usually get moo shoo pork . the food is excellent american chinese cuisine . the broccoli is always cooked perfectly , it is nice and bright green and firm yet not tough to chew . the chicken breast is always light and lean . love the garlic white sauce used on the moo goo gai pan . vi love the plum sauce . there are several chinese restaurant in carrick and mt . oliver and i will rate this one the best . i wish the broth used in the wonton soup wa a bit richer and the egg roll would be better if they were lighter .
this is the worst chinese food i have had in a long time . the crab rangoon wa clunky and too thick . there wa no crab on the inside-it wa all cream cheese . the egg roll i had wa dripping grease and wa filled with cabbage and nothing else . there were no other veggie or anything . the sesame chicken wa mushy by the time i got home and i live 5 minute away . it wa all mushy breading and very little chicken . i ate 3 bite and threw it away . this meal wa an epic fail .
heyyyy everyone . im gon na try to start up on these again ! so im new around this side of town and thought i will try the chinese restaurant around the corner . i call in and order small general tso is with white rice . the menu i see online tell me 7.54 she say on the phone that it 8.25 ( assuming thats the tax ) or something like that then tell me it will take 10mins i get there in 6 min and it already done . so i know it not fresh . then i go to pay and she say 9.58 . which is annoying . but after that long rant the food wasnt on the fresher side , it looked very dry , but it wa ha a really good flavor ! it isnt spicy at all if thats what youre looking for and idk if they dont do size but if this is a small good lord idk what the large would look like . im adding pic . flash no flash and updated menu .
i have always liked this place because it is super super cheap and the food is edible . my husband and i always eat for about $ 13 . it is nothing fancy but doe the trick for cheap chinese . i usually stick with the chicken fried rice and crab rangoon . and they always throw in a couple egg roll for u .
great coupon , good price , and yummy food just not much of a selection compared to other local restaurant and they do not deliver . that said , the low mein is decent and the beef and mushroom is excellent . the free general tsos is a hit or miss .
this a very modest family-operated chinese food take-out place . but , they also make several unexpected dish that are not on the printed menu . they are handwritten on sign inside on the wall . good stuff.i frequently order their chicken wing , large whole wing made to order . and the cheese wonton come with a side of warm sweet & sour sauce for dipping . yum ! they are very friendly and prepare order quickly . they will also accommodate special request such a no mushroom or extra spicy , etc .
very nice staff . i go here to purchase tire or if i need a nail removed . the price are very reasonable and the service is fast .
i have used this business for year . very helpful honest and polite . i take my parent car here , i trust their work that much .
excellent and quick service , friendly folk , reasonable price . this is a place with people you can trust , what more can you ask for ?
these guy are great ! they have fixed a few flat tire for me for about $ 20 . fix have always held up well . they never make me wait long and you never have to call ahead ( for flat fix ) . super friendly .
had chicken salad . wa good but very pricey . their pizza is about 20-30 % more expensive than any comparable pizza in the area . and since the pizza is just mediocre it is definitely not a good value so i will pas !
they are never open on sunday ... even though they are supposed to be.. i am starting to think maybe they folded and are out of business
yesterday i had the misfortune of getting a pizza from bishop . it wa my first time getting a pizza from there in a long time . needle to say . i will not be getting one again . i got a pepperoni and sausage pizza . the pizza wa bland , tasteless . crust tasted like frozen pizza crust . the sauce wa meh . cheese wa okay . sausage wa disgusting . bishop used to use a delicious hot sausage . i do not know what this sausage wa other then disgusting . i do not recommend getting a pizza from bishop
been ordering from them since the early 90 is . always hot and fresh . best white pizza i ever had . hoagie is are great . burger with curly fry with cheese is always a favorite . sometimes they do not answer the phone for what ever reason , but when they do it great .
bishop used to be the best pizza place around but anymore , it is mediocre at best ! it really just depends on when you get it . some day it is better and other day it is not . the taste and quality is not consistent . just recently we ordered from bishop and the pizza did not have a lot of cheese and the crust wa not warm or tasty . it just tasted bland . i know that this particular location ha been for sale but still operating , so hopefully new management can turn this place around and make it a good a it always used to be !
not sure why people talk bad about this place . i own a business that they will deliver to and we get food from them at least 2 time a week . might be a little ore money but worth every penny . ignore the bad review on here . this place is one of the best food place out there..
i have been coming to the carrick cost cutter for several year and have had valerie cut and color my hair all those year . she is professional and talented . i get what i need and am very pleased with my style . my husband us this salon but he doe not limit himself to any one stylist and he is pleased a well .
the customer service is absolutely horrible . they made me wait an hour before anybody got to me , and there were 3 available beautician in the back . i complained and got waited on right away . i thought the customer always came first . why would they want to risk a customer not coming back . i mean i can just go down the road to borics . these woman are old middle aged miserable employee with no passion for their job . i will not be back . disappointed ... : (
great service , friendly staff , perfect hair cut . i have been going to this salon for the past year , wish i would have found this place sooner . recommend to everyone .
great stylist and a great location ! every stylist make you feel at home . you can call ahead so you do not have to wait long in the salon . stylist are knowledgable in current style and great at color ! i love coming to this salon !
love this greasy spoon . the pancake are light and fluffy and the strawberry syrup actually ha little mini strawberry in it , how can you resist ? ? great for people watching a well .
great service , excellent place to get breakfast at any time of the day
i love this place . it is my comfort food place . great food , great people , great price . breakfast all day , great home food lunch special .
open 24hrs on friday and saturday how can you not love it . total old school mom and pop diner . would not recommend anything other than breakfast . on top of everything else it cost nickel and dime to eat here . after you have blown all your money at a bar in southside you will still have enough to eat away some of your drunkness on the way home .
one of my weekly lunch or breakfast place.good home cooked food and reasonable price . i would avoid busy time . an sunday morning . the staff is limited and can not handle the full crowd . i never have a problem usually , except today my glass of milk wa chunky ( turned sour ) .sadly shirley ha passed on and will be missed .
if you want good , home cooked food fast and at a reasonable price , this is a great place . just do not expect good service .
great little dinner . food is amazing . price is very inexpensive . recommended to everyone i know .
i have not been here in awhile , but i definitely miss it . they do hold slightly odd hour a it is a mom and pop joint and they are definitely more of a breakfast place than anything else . their omelette are to die for . i am also a huge fan of their potato for breakfast and especially with their gravy . yum ! my boyfriend is more of a burger person but he love their burger and fry . they have a few breakfast special that are just a awesomeit is very small . and they do not take reservation to my knowledge . if you go on a sunday morning you will def be waiting for a table.they never used to accept card but to my knowledge they recently have begun taking credit card which is a big plus . this is definitely a mom and pop place you need to try .
frank & shirley is is a staple in my family for a breakfast . i have been going there since i wa a child with my parent and now take my child there .
good breakfast , horrible service.. and im not even one to complain about service . one of the waitress is always in a bad mood with an attitude . fire her and ill raise the rating to a solid 4
been going here for , oh , about 30 year . good food , good people . bacon cheeseburger is where it is at .
this place is great ! food wa amazing , service wa on point , and marleen will be sure to take care of you ! ! give it a try !
i have only had one experience at frank & shirley is , which wa enough to be my last . i did not even get to sit down before i wa disgusted by this place . while waiting to be seated , a man came from the kitchen with a toilet plunger in hand , and went to unclog the toilet . afterwards , without washing his hand or anything , walked back into the kitchen , still carrying the plunger , dripping the entire way . i wa absolutely horrified ! i will never ever consider going back there .
great service in a quaint mom and pop spot with delicious breakfast menu ! not gourmet but is consistently good and ha brought me back again and again .
wife and stopped in on the way to the steelers game on sunday . victory by the way ! i have always passed this place on visit to the burgh since i have moved away but never stopped in . well we miss old fashion diner in the washington d.c. area . this one when you walk in it like you step back in time to simpler day . the lady behind the counter we so darn nice and the gent busing table wa super nice to u . we loved the atmosphere . egg were good and toast with warm melted better good . the hash brown under cooked and the sausage wa not so great . but if you want to step back in time..this is the place .
just walking in here you know it is going to be all home cooked food . the chicken fried steak wa the best i have had in year . friendly staff , great local place . highly suggested .
nothing great , nothing awful either.service is ok , but they were slow when we were there . food wa descent , egg were good , but the bacon wa over cooked til it wa dark and crumbly . they do take credit card , but you will have to get up and go behind the counter to enter your pin a debit , and still leave a cash tip.the building and the interior could use a bit of work . our booth had a huge patch of duct tape and wa lumpy.what you would expect from a diner in the saaathills .
we absolutely love this place . it traditional diner food , so do not expect anything flashy . but the pancake are huge and always melt in your mouth- i especially recommend the strawberry pancake . delicious ! lunch option are also good- standard diner food but i have never been disappointed . have not had dinner here . it is one of our go-to breakfast spot when we are looking for comfort food !
typical american diner fare . stopped in because i wa in the area . decent food , friendly service . while nothing stuck out to make my dining experience remarkable , i would return if it wa convenient . the coolest thing is that they have a drive thru lottery booth right behind the building . if you are feeling lucky you can grab a ticket or two .
great food , family atmosphere for everyone ! highly recommended , oh and they have great breakfast ! !
i recently bought my first motorcycle ( a 2001 ktm duke ii ) and found bohn is when searching online for ktm dealer . i went in with the intention of buying a jacket , helmet and glove . their store is pretty nice inside , and they have a good selection of gear ( mostly dirt-oriented though ) . i wa not quite sure what i wanted , so i asked a lady for some assistance in picking out a helmet . she wa helpful , and recommended a jacket that would be usable in different type of weather . however , a friend who wa with me said he had a different type of jacket ( which they also sold ) , and she commented that the `` hated '' that jacket and that the liner wa `` nothing more than a glorified garbage bag . '' ok ... we also talked to a guy at the register about a '96 ktm 300 mxc that my friend just bought , and asked a simple question about a clutch cable . the guy seemed totally disinterested and clueless , and i am not really sure if he even knew what a clutch wa . he ended the conversation by saying that my friend should just throw his bike away because it wa so old . what ! ? even after that , i still bought a jacket from them and ordered a helmet i liked that they had assured me would be in later that week . i then got a call from them a few day later saying that the helmet wa no longer available , but that i could pick another style . i then just ordered the helmet online and went back the next day to get a refund.i wanted to like this place , but between the thinly-veiled insult and seemingly clueless repair staff , i do not think i will ever return . their price and selection are pretty decent , so if you are in the area and know what you want , it might be ok to stop by and pick something up . if you have any alternative , though , i would avoid this place .
i am in the market for a fun little scooter to have fun and commute on , and at the suggestion of a friend , i went to bohn cycle shop to check out what they had in the shop . immediately upon walking in , it took 15 minute for someone to ask if we were helped . when i mentioned that i wanted to learn more about a zuma over in the corner , the dude at the desk wa disinterested and unhelpful.when i tried to pay for the scooter and roll it out , an older woman stewed around and gave me annoyed look for coming into the store and not calling ahead . when i tried to pay with a bank-issued check , i had to wait around for nearly 20 minute before they told me that they have never seen a bank-issued check and sent me on my way.the entire time i wa there , it felt like they thought i just stole a bunch of money and were treating me like a crook . i am definitely not going back to complete the transaction . if i am going to be buying an expensive piece of machinery , i really expect the service to at least be a little more enthusiastic.like nick t. said , i guess it is a good place if you wan na grab a used bike or know exactly what you want . if you are looking to broker a new bike , go to a bigger shop with salesman that actually sound like they are living being .
stopped in to see about an oil change . they got my bike in immediately and were very happy to answer question and even teach me a little about how to do it myself . ended up buying a new pair of glove too for a great price . i will be back !
do not go here for service on your bike . i dropped my bike off for an oil change after calling ahead of time ( 11am ) . they told me there wa no one ahead of me for service . i called back at the end of the day only to be told my bike could not get looked at until the next day ! when i questioned a to why my oil change wa not done if they did not have other service ahead of mine , the very rude and incompetent guy who run their service department told me `` i wa busy with other stuff '' . from now on i will be taking my business elsewhere because this place is a joke .
my son bought a used jeep and brought it here to get necessary repair and inspection . kerry fixed everything and the price wa great . it is hard to find a good mechanic that is honest and affordable . they are both ! !
i recently needed to have my car towed and could not have been more impressed with the service i received from kerry ! not only wa he on time , but he showed up with a positive attitude and wa excited to be able to help me out . if the car buying experience here is anything like the service i received from kerry , i would buy here in a heartbeat .
i had an emergency windshield replacement after safelite failed . dino looked at it immediately , on a friday afternoon , and set up an appointment for me on the next tuesday , which is the day after a holiday ! he called the glass place right there and gave me a great quote ! i am very happy about the quick and friendly service ! other place could not give me an appointment for week , even before looking at it , and told me that i would have to leave my car for at least a week . dino said they can have it done in 2-3 day . i have got my finger crossed that it will go smoothly during the replacement , but i am so happy with the response to my emergency call that i could not wait to give a great review !
dicarlos is in my opinion the best pizza in the pittsburgh area . my boyfriend and i will only order dicarlos if we are in a pizza mood . it is different from your traditional pizza that they only cook the crust with the sauce , all the other topping are added after it come out of the oven . the cheese is all melty on the top and it is yum yum delicious ! you have to try it . the only other pizza joint that i can think of that is anything similar is beto is over on banksville road in dormont ( or greentree , where is the line ? ) this is take out only . no eating there guy . also , there is not really a `` small '' option and all of their pizza is are square . if that is a problem , find another pizza joint ! i believe they sell calzones and a few other thing , but we always go for the pizza .
maybe i just had a bad day . this wa the worst `` pizza '' i have ever had . i have had original dicarlo is in wheeling , wv in several location . this is not even worthy of the name . i got 3 extra cheese . first off , the pizza wa basically glued to the wax paper . the crust wa unevenly cooked . first bite the crust wa almost raw , dense , and way too chewy . the sauce tasted sour and the cheese ( shredded , not dice provolone like the original ) wa slimy . my second bite , the crust wa burned , tasted burned , but at least it wa crunchy . there wa no third bite . the remaining slice got tossed in the garbage . this wa by far the worst `` pizza '' i have ever had .
i usually love this place but it is gone bad . went to one in wv the other day and it wa good . i think different owner . my beef this one is the cheese . very pour quality . bread and sauce still good though .
one of the happiest moment of my life began with me picking up the phone and calling the number for dicarlo is . someone answered and i had a brief , awkward conversation that basically went something like 'are ... are you guy really open ? ''yep . ''and this is dicarlo is pizza , right ? ''yep . ''am i dreaming ? ! '*click*you see , they opened one of these portal to heaven in cranberry a few year ago . it wa love at first bite . i went there frequently and tried to recruit a many ally a i could . the insanely crunchy crust , the zippy tomato sauce , the cheese ! the first slice of the day with completely cold , unmelted cheese wa always just a good a the last one which would have melted the cheese slightly and gotten the tiniest bit le crunchy . it doe not matter because the ingredient themselves are just tasty . but tragedy struck and cranberry failed hard again at supporting good pizza and the store closed . i did some research online and discovered that , yes , dicarlo is did still exist , but only in faraway land that i would likely never travel to for pizza or any other reason.but one day , i noticed something exhilarating . is that a dicarlo is location in pittsburgh ? ! how long ha this been here ? i felt confused , excited , bashful , sleepy , doc , but most of all relieved . that is until i decided i would need to confirm their existence with a quick phone call . see above.that very night , i traveled to the south hill ( a rare treat ... ) to rekindle my love affair . i got ta say , friend , this wa one of the best first bite i have ever had . exactly a i remember it . four slice of pepperoni pizza and an orange crush . this is living . and i got ta say , it feel great.god bless you , dicarlo is .
my family is originally from wheeling , west virginia , so dicarlo is pizza ha been a staple when we travel back home . i am used to going to the buzzing place in elm grove , but we were in pittsburgh so i decided to stop and try this dicarlo is out . i wa not disappointed ! although it is in a dingy area and it doe not have a many customer a elm grove doe , the pizza is still the same . i actually think the crust is a little crunchier here and i loved that ! this wa a perfect lunch stop to fill my stomach up with some unforgettable pizza !
ohhhh when i see this place i think of my childhood , we used to stop here on the way home from clo show when i wa younger . it is always been a favorite of my dad is and a i get older i clearly see why ! ! i have always been a fan of a square , crunchy crust and this is some of the best i have ever had
turned on to it by a friend ... i now live up the hill from it . the staff are great people and the quality of the pizza is amazing . always get the rush hour 6 cut plain special . fyi now closed monday . great food .
i love this place stopped 11-20-15 and the car dealer said it wa closed 4-6 month , no pleasejust be closed temporally , someone let me know
1do not do business with this company the owner is a thief . he will send pink notice that look like bill and instead they are service pack he attempt to get you to enroll . the service is awful , follow up on issue is non existent , the company will give you a 7 day notice and suspend your po license for even questioning an invoice and shut down your entire business . the tech are part time and walk out of your business if they can not address an issue and push it to another part time tech ... save yourself the aggravation ... i have future po and bought the license so im stuck ! ! and go direct to the dealer in butler pa.. this company is the worst and can not even keep employee ... they do have 2 tech that have been with the company one more incompetent the the other ... you have been warned ! ! !
if zero wa an option that is what i would rate them ! they are the worst company to ever deal with all they want is money ! i called tec support to get my back office un-locked and they said it would be $ 600 i already bought the system for $ 4000
zero if that wa an opinion . worst po company in pittsburgh deal with cutting edge solution in butler or any other po company other than ncr/aloha .
i am kind to all service worker ! always ! this place ha the worst service i have ever seen . i do not expect four star treatment from fast food but this place is ridiculous . you better check your bag because they are going to forget something . yesterday my husband went to get a quickie family fish dinner . he wa told that no sorry we are out of hushpuppy and pepsi . okay thats fine but what can we have to replace the hushpuppy ? he wa told to go down the street there is a store . this is inside , not the drive thru . it seems that this is a common experience at this restaurant . i already sparingly frequent fast food establishment but this will definitely be the last attempt . and yes i have contacted the corp . i dont want anything from them though , they can keep it .
the service here can be hit-or-miss , but more often than not , i do not have problem . usually , when my friend and i stop by , we are waited on by the same server , and our food come up relatively quickly . it is always fresh , too . unfortunately , when they get busy , it creates problem because they do not have a stock of anything prepared , which in turn creates delay . their cashier have a habit of walking away from the counter in the evening , leaving customer waiting for however long it take them to notice someone is standing there . while i understand that they have to clean up the restaurant for closing , there should always be someone to watch the counter.as a side note , their drive-thru speaker went down about a month ago and still ha not been repaired . it creates delay at the drive-thru window for placing order , especially later in the evening due to above mentioned cashier habit .
someone please change the cooking oil ! ! with the construction on rt . 51 , it ha been a very long time since i decided to put up with the craziness that make up this intersection . a nagging for fried fish however , sent my daughter , and me to this ljs . mistake number 1 wa ignoring the deserted parking lot . mistake number 2 , wa placing an order at the drive thru , and eating our 2 piece fish and more dinner , after the smell of old cooking oil put a damper on our nagging for fried fish.the service at the drive thru wa friendly , the girl at the window friendly , but the smell of old cooking oil , not so much . not a soul in sight at this ljs . yes , there are other place to get great fried fish , and after our experience , perhaps it is time to let this ljs walk the plank off our list . the fish wa edible , not the usual crunchy , crumbly ljs fish . the hush puppy were soggy from either drowning in old oil too long , or sitting under heat lamp too long . the fry , endured the same sad torture a the others . cheap , yes , but not worth the money , or rt . 51 traffic anymore .
one of the top 3 pizza place in the city ! nice thin crust ( not soggy ) , tangy cheese in perfect proportion to the basil sauce . old school done right ! add a bottle of ibc black cherry soda to complete the experience !
my sister and i used to love going to anthony is pizza . it wa a staple of carrick for over 40 year . recently it changed ownership and sadly the result are horrific.we ordered an 8-cut ( medium ) pizza with anchovy . the problem is quantitative . they appear to be using the original recipe however the amount of dough , cheese , and sauce is literally 40 % or le of what it used to be . anthony is always had a thin crusted pizza , but this is now paper thin ! i have been making pizza for year and have been to all the best pizza restaurant in pittsburgh a a lifelong resident so i know good pizza and what is expected in term of sizing . one piece wa so small it literally fit within the palm of my hand ( finger excluded ! ) - we were shocked . to compound the misery , when my sister called to explain , she wa not rude - polite , yet honest and firm , the woman who is co-owner wa condescending and sarcastic and asked how she thought the pizza could be made better ! my sister then calmly explained how the amount of dough and cheese used wa le than half of what it should have been for a medium sized pizza . the worst thing , and this really reflects on the woman is character and business ethic , is that not once did she offer an apology ! not even a simple `` i am sorry . '' that is outrageous and inexcusable . this wa no small inconsequential complaint , it wa a serious issue , yet it did not even phase her . also she did not offer u a refund , she did not offer to remake the pizza , nor did she offer u any sort of discount on future purchase . needle to say we will never go there again . it is a shame because anthony is used to have great pizza ( i reviewed it when it wa under the old ownership . ) and we could have been loyal customer for year to come . oh i should also note that the woman is 15/16 year old son , who look like he ha no experience cooking , is the cook ! even still she watched him make the pizza and she herself closed the box and handed it to me so she can not claim ignorance - on the phone she wa incredulous . also the ambiance of anthony is is not the same . they removed the venerable booth and replaced them with table , took down the folk art collage on the main wall and no longer offer ibc soda . if they keep up these ridiculously small portion i can not see them staying in business very long . this is carrick , not sewickley or mt . lebanon . people around here expect value for their money and will not tolerate what they are doing . i urge everyone to steer clear of the new anthony is . caveat emptor ! ! !
why did you guy close ? you guy had the best pizza in and around carrick . the other place do not compare . i would have bought the business off of you just so there would be a decent pizza place around . i know you have been closed for a few year . make me an offer l will get this business back up and running ! ! ! ! : )
not very good very disappointed
this is by far my favorite pizza i have ever had . i grew up eating this pizza before they closed there door for 5 or so year , and i wa beyond ecstatic when i saw they were reopening . the pizza is a good a i remember it being . be forewarned that this is a greasy , greasy pie and the crust is very thin . i know that is not for everyone but for me it is exactly what i want in a pizza . we ordered a large mushroom and it wa perfect . lot of mushroom and totally satisfyingi have to say that because they have just reopened , all of the local people who loved this food have been coming back so the wait wa quite long . i think it is worth it though . and since this is their first weekend being reopened , i am sure they will work out the kink soon.in term of the restaurant itself , they wall have lost a little character . there used to be a collage of black and white photo of celebrity covering the wall . now everything is covered in this stone wallpaper , some of which is upside down . but , i do have to say that everything feel much cleaner than it wa back in the day , mostly due to new boothes , and much brighter lighting . what can i say , i love this place and i hope that they continue to get the kind of business they seem to be getting now .
stopped in tonight and got a large pizza with peppeoni and sausage . i called ahead would definitely recommend calling your order in the place wa very busy but worth the wait . the pizza is thin crust and wa delicious . great new pizza place .
very disappointed . would not recommend at all . got a large pizza . the quality wa horrible . the sauce wa not a good flavor at all . i had to wait 2 hour just for a pick up for this crap . their pizza box wa more like a diaper . the pizza bagel were soggy yet burned . the employee looked like a bunch of drug addict hanging out . and the price too high . biggest waste of money ! !
i am glad they are back open ! we missed you guy ! this is greasy cheesy pizza exactly what i like .
they are open again ! their pizza bagel are my absolute favorite , and they bring back memory . i used to love grabbing a pizza bagel and an italian ice after school or after softball game . i will sit in the booth and stare at the wall that had million of picture on them . i even snuck a school picture of myself behind the plexiglas . then i will grab a gum ball from the big machine by the front door.they just recently reopened , and i am so happy to be able to taste my childhood again . their bagel are just like how i remember .
**when you google `` anthony is pizza brownsville road , '' the number for the millvale anthony is will show up . be mindful - they are not the same anthony is . ***i used to eat here all the time in the 90 is . my family wa really sad when they closed their door . we were thrilled when they reopened.we got 2 large pizza . one plain & the other banana pepper/peperoni . delicious ! very thin pizza for someone who ha never had it . the cheese is greasy & ha a unique taste . the sauce is sweet . if you are into that , then this pizza will exceed your expectation . pizza bagel are a must ! they have a very different taste than the pizza . personally , i think this pizza is best when you eat in . ( they took down the wall of 80 is hollywood star - bummer ) . the cheese is so gooey and flavorful when it is fresh from the over . it is worth it to dine in if you have the time . i am very happy they are back in business !
so happy they are open using anthony original recipe . the pizza is the best around . the hoagy are awesome . the iced tea is the original recipe , i have yet to try it welcome back ! !
i do not really get the great review . maybe it more the nostalgia of them reopening than any thing . the pizza bagel were decent at best and their `` homemade '' tea is basically lemon water . both i could easily make better at home . ill give their pizza and hoagie a try , but there too much competition in the area ( sunseri , amilis ) for them to stand out
i ordered a bacon pizza and breaded mushroom . disgusting is putting it lightly . the wa hardly any bacon on the pie and the pizza wa greasy and soggy . the mushroom were burnt and when i bit into one of them , my mouth filed with grease . i threw the whole meal in the garbage .
they did upgrade so now they take credit card and debit card . a few negative thing about the place . they close at 9pm during the week . i believe for summer they should have extended hour because they do have competition with yinz guy pizza which is a block away . they are open until 11 . they are losing business . even if they stayed open until 10 it would be better . no air conditioning in the place . and everytime i call the phone number it go straight to a voicemail saying they are on another line call back . i can never get through to a person to actually order anything .
they did upgrade so now they take credit card and debit card . a few negative thing about the place . they close at 9pm during the week . i believe for summer they should have extended hour because they do have competition with yinz guy pizza which is a block away . they are open until 11 . they are losing business . even if they stayed open until 10 it would be better . no air conditioning in the place . and everytime i call the phone number it go straight to a voicemail saying they are on another line call back . i can never get through to a person to actually order anything .
went here today to check out the nashville hot chicken . excellent customer service from the woman ( dana ) taking my order . the wait time wa short . i probably waited about 3 minute at the drive-thru window . i got home , opened some mail/packages , then got to my meal . the chicken wa so fresh ! it wa perfectly made . crisp , juicy , & saucy . the only thing that wa missing wa the pickle which i did not mind because the chicken wa so good . the nashville hot sauce is a bit smokey and get your nose running a little bit . the heat of the spice is not overpowering and it doe not ruin the taste like some hot spices/sauces do .
regardless of early or late they usually have a good selection of food , at lot of location nearby like to tell you they are out of practically everything and you should order something else but not here .
great neighborhood bar . awesome food handmade with care by z , good for vegan , veggie , carnivore . top notch beer selection and special . enjoyed a lot of good band here too . nice people , go , you will enjoy it .
the park house , thank the heaven above , is reopened after a 6-month hiatus . this is my favorite north side neighborhood bar . it is convenient to the sport stadium and the north side cultural attraction , it is close to bus stop for virtually all the north side bus route , and it is the only place in town where you are encouraged to gorge yourself on free peanut and fling the shell on the floor . ( i suppose you probably should not come if you have a peanut allergy . ) the park house pride itself on it strong selection of microbrews and craft beer , especially local beer , but you can get pretty good mixed drink there if beer is not your thing . the menu is undergoing a revamping , but the giant and delicious nacho remain . ( the gyro are also pretty tasty , and they had a thai chicken special the other night that wa delicious . ) the interior of the bar is welcoming and classic , with heavy wooden bar and booths/tables , and a painted tin ceiling . the owner and all the bartender are super-friendly and nice people.my husband and i frequent the park house on game night . the crowd tends to be friendly and social , but not staggering drunk or trying to hit on people . all in all , it is my favorite spot to get a beer or three and watch some football .
i came and left after seeing all the change , i wa here to check out the place after the hospital mentioned it wa a cool bar . i think all the hype from my colleague wa not justified ... ... ... not a great menu , just a boring bar ! ! it is a shame , what happened ? ? ? ? i wa looking forward to a great place to hang out , eat and chug beer .
i love this place . they will all know your name after the second or third visit and people tend to be very welcoming and open without being too `` cheers-y '' food is above average for a bar , especially the middle eastern selection .
this is one of my favorite bar in pittsburgh . they have been getting a lot of band to play . especially font of the wednesday night blue grass jam night . the hummus is great . the staff is exceptionally friendly and know my name . they have a great beer selection too .
ahh the park house.oh so you say you are looking for a bar ? wait what is that , you would like to have a live blue grass night ? ..okay okay ... hold up..you want an historic building to house it all ? well then my friend i have a place for you . grab your shoe and wallet and make your way there . hungry ? get a park house burger or even a mexican war street burger..hell try out the hummus..it is all great . do not let the humble sized kitchen fool you..it crank out some great meal . great for those who prefer a manly dart board aka a non electric one . terrific for those who prefer imported beer from all over . if you like free peanut and popcorn..do not pas this place up . the very environment the bar unintentionally spews from the wall themselves will leave you wanting to come back . think of the show cheer , the edginess of ireland and the heart of folk all bended together ( for 2-4 min depending on the blender ) and you my friend have the park house .
after my first visit to the park house it immediately became my favorite bar in pittsburgh . the staff really make this bar for me . they are always extremely friendly , happy to joke around with you , and quick with a refill . the owner , zamir , is always behind the bar helping out or working in his make shift kitchen to prepare some pretty stellar burger , sandwich , and some of the best middle eastern fare around.the park house ha really nice selection of craft beer , all of which are very reasonably priced . i always end up going with a yuengling because for some reason it just taste fantastic here . all of their draft are always served ice cold and taste super fresh.just a a head up , this place is on the small side and it is not loaded with tv is ( though it doe have two small one above the bar . ) this is a great bar to get together with friend , share some laugh , beer , and falafel .
`` can you believe that the only reason the club is going under is because it is in a terrifying neighborhood ? '' - gob bluth . this place is so unbelievably cool . the tap are constantly changing up , the special are awesome , and my biggest surprise wa that the food wa amazing.the waitstaff and bartender are knowledgeable , efficient and friendly . and the owner of the bar who double a the chef is a charming mofo.oh , and , you get to throw peanut shell on the damn floor . i would never have guessed that i would gain such satisfaction from a never ending supply of peanut and popcorn , but i do . i really do . *note : this place would be fucking deadly for anybody with a peanut allergy . *the crowd is usually awesome and they have live music regularly . it is in an emerging area of the north side . it is an area that really ha come leap and bound from when i wa growing up here , but it can still get pretty sketchy later in the evening . i say this a a smoker who get to go outside and watch the circus a it unfolds.places like this are why the north side ha always been such an awesome area and will eventually regain the crowd of it is glory day . it is not like a mirrored-room with polka dot mannequin , but then again , what is ? oh right .
interesting place , with interesting patron . the drink are super cheap - and i wa pleasantly surprised when i got my bill . there are peanut shell all over the place , i wa a bit concerned initially , but then realized that this wa acceptable behavior . completely a chill place , unpretentious , a bit dark , and different than other bar that i usually frequent in the pittsburgh area . i am not sure that i will make a special trip to this place , but it is not like i am going to try to avoid it . if my path lead me here again , then i will go with it !
who doe not like a bar where you can eat unlimited salty popcorn and unlimited peanut for free ! and you can throw the peanut shell on the floor ... just like home . i mean , not really , that is just the clothes in my closet . the atmosphere is like one of those bar where you know half the people come in there every night . there is even mug for them ! being an outsider wa okay though , no weird look for the regs , all are welcome ! beer on tap are mixed between the regular : yuengling , mad hat , guiness and lot of seasonal and rotating beer . i love a place with a good draft offering . i am way more into a draft than a bottle . do not ask me why ... maybe because the gulp can be bigger : ) perk : non smoking , best bar choice on east ohio and , of course , free popcorn and peanut ... did i mention that yet ? ! it is definitely a great place to chill out with friend on a saturday night , and eat a crap load of popcorn !
after doing some drinking at some other place , we landed at park house . load me up with some more drink and the free popcorn and peanut ( which you can just toss the scrap on the floor ) . i am sold ! ! the beer were reasonably priced and this wa the type of place where you can gather with friend and just hang out . no pressure at all . the lighting wa not too dark so it felt intimate where you were sitting . seems like a neighborhood bar where everyone knew each other . if i find myself in the area again i would head to park house though there wa the occasional creeper but i guess you can find them anywhere .
i went to park house after much internal deliberation . and after reading all the high review from fellow yelpers . this bar is le than 5 minute from where i live . i stopped in on a saturday night and wa pleased with the music that wa playing and also the fact that the bar wa not overcrowded . the bar tender barely acknowledged me the whole night . there wa not any free peanut or popcorn when i visited . nor did they have the beer that i like on tap . i did get a very tasty double chocolate stout , which i found to be delicious in every way . the owner of the place even gave me an annoyed look.saturday night is usually a crappy night to try out any new place . the service wa slow but i got the feeling that the bartender could not be bothered to wait on me . i have not completely written this place off . i will just try again during the week .
went my first time for thursday karaoke and had a blast ! they serve mediterranean fare ; at least half the menu is vegetarian/easily vegan . there are at least 2 bike rack outside , car have decent option too . at 10pm an improv comedy group showed ... you can imagine the energy . super fun night , met some cool people , ate healthy food . oh yes , and it is no smoking ! downside ? it is a little pricey , but the quality is there , so ... you decide .
i have driven by this place a bunch of time and just recently realized that a : it exists , and b : it is a bar . i wa encouraged to come here by the insistence of a friend who come in enough that it is just a matter of time before he ha his own personalized mug . they have a surprisingly excellent beer selection , mostly micros . the draft are not cheap , at $ 5- $ 8 a draft but happy hour is from 6-8pm and is $ 2 off a draft . we also tried the food . while nothing to write home about , it is not bad by any mean . decent falafel , hummus , lamb gyro ... very middle eastern-centric . i am pretty sure i also ate my weight in peanut and popcorn.i do not necessarily know that park house will enter in my regular rotation , but i will absolutely join my friend in support of his quest for the mug .
really great place to go . there wa bluegrass music playing when i went which wa a pleasant surprise . it wa not too loud , so you could talk with others at your table . the food and service wa great . definitely want to come back here again
having already eaten dinner somewhere else , i decided to walk over to the park house to check out pittsburgh is self proclaimed `` oldest tavern . '' a far a a straight-up bar review , i wa impressed with both the beer they had on tap ( 20+ ) and in numerous bottle . plus , i liked how they have happy hour later than most other place , from 6-8 pm ( $ 2 off all draft ) . always looking to try something new and/or local , i ordered a pint of helltown mischievous brown ale , brewed in mount pleasant , pa. not bad . if you are hungry , you can either grab some complimentary popcorn or peanut to snack on . the bartender wa very good , a wa the variety of music . that , combined with the group of jolly patron at the surrounding table and it is no surprise this is a popular , local hangout . glad i stopped by .
i like that this bar is really low key and ha a great selection of cider . i reccomend it a a nice out of the way place or a way to get into the norhside if you have not already .
get to the park house and try the new golani platter -- it is very tasty and healthy -- -unbelievable , but true ! you will not even feel guilty about getting that second or third beer when you order this . the platter includes a spinach patty mixed with carrot , celery , red onion , mozzarella and parmesan cheese , lightly fried in olive oil served with chopped tomato , feta cheese and your choice of regular or spicy hummus and pita bread . even if you think it is not your thing , try it and you will be pleasantly surprised . you will not find this anywhere else in pittsburgh , let alone at another bar ! so , go ahead , order the golani , get that extra beer , and enjoy the friendly atmosphere at the park house !
this place is like none other ! bar , yes-but so much more ! great food ! great people ! it is the pittsburgh cheer with a kick of healthy ! yep-i said healthy . for example-the menu is limited , but everything is great ! ! how about trying the golani platter-veggie dish with wonderful spice ! hummus , pita , feta and an amazing spinach patty -the like i have never had before ! love it there and would encourage those interested in a bar atmospher with a twist to try it . you will not be disappointed .
the park house is a great place to drink . they have a very good beer selection and even though the kitchen is a 4 foot by 4 foot square behind the bar the food is really good . they have all you can eat popcorn and peanut so you will never be in want of something to snack on while drinking your favorite beer . they have live band several time a week my favorite being tuesday which often feature local blue grass musician . the down side to this place for me is that it is a little on the expensive side . they have a majority of their beer that are 6+ buck a pint which a bit much . you can get some for $ 4.50 - $ 5 but it cut your selection significantly . it definitely make you think twice before going here often . i just wish all their beer were under $ 5 because i would probably try and go here more often . over all it is a great bar the owner is a nice guy and you are going to have a great time .
the park house ha awesome food ! i usually order the falafel , which is the best in town . but i just had the golani the other night and it wa astounding . it is a spinach and cheese patty , with some secret ingredient that i assume include some controlled substance , because i am already jonesing for another fix .
i can not say enough great thing about this place . i have never had a bad experience here and the owner and staff are fabulous . the north side ha struggled for year to try to gentrify and it is been a slow process . if more place like the park house would open in the neighborhood the effect could be exponential.i have been a patron for just about a year on the dot . i can honestly say that i drove by more than a few time and did not stop ( even though friend recommended it ) because i did not know what i would find . boy , i wish i had that time back ! i will start with free ... popcorn , peanut in the shell , great people , and music - yes , live music for free . and , it is all good . now , to elaborate ... i live in lawrenceville and crossing a river to go to a place in pittsburgh is nearly unheard of . but , the people here are so awesome , i can not stay away . young , old , hippy , hipster , local , and happen-uponers all converging to create an amazing atmosphere . last night , there wa a woman and her family from seattle in addition to the familiar face i usually see . a other reviewer mentioned , it is like cheer - it only take a couple of visit before folk on both side of the bar know your name and you ! of course the free snack are awesome , they are free - and you can just toss your peanut shell wherever you will like ( my mom would be horrified to watch me throw them on the floor : ) but , the menu ... woah . zamir make his own hummus , falafel , tabuouli , and golani . omg it is all fabulous ! last week i tried the golani platter for the first time -- a golani patty , hummus , feta , and tomato , served with pita . the golani made me smile - spinach , carrot , spice , cheese -- it make you want to eat your veggie ! i really had to decide last night between the golani platter and the peace in the middle east ( tabouli , hummus , falafel , pita ) . i wa really craving the `` falafel master '' delicacy , so peace it was.beer . um , there is a lot of it ... import , craft , and domestic . if you can not find something to drink here then you must not be thirsty . i think there are 20 tap ... i have never actually counted , but a chalkboard boast their fine selection ( stop in and count them , and let me know ) . i am a micro dork and have always been completely overwhelmed by my choice during any given beer season . also , there is a `` worst beer '' ( it is never bad ) discounted selection and some `` last chance '' item that are usually around $ 4/bottle or glass . now , music can be a tricky thing . but like everything else here , it is never steered me away . every wednesday is a bluegrass jam in the rear of the establishment . mostly it is member of the shelf life string band , but they are often joined by folk who just want to sit in and play . you may hear some bluegrass version of radiohead , the coaster , gorillaz in addition to `` trad-grass '' favorite . every friday night there is live music by local and touring musician and , like the popcorn and peanut , it is always free ! bring your appetite and your friend down for a night of great company and amazing atmosphere ... i am fairly certain that you will not be disappointed !
good beer , wednesday night is banjo night which always draw a crowd . definitely a hipster bar . food is fresh & worth trying . get a dish that includes the house humus .
we had a groupon to use for the park house . it included two sandwiches/entrees and two side . we each had a pint of beer with dinner and were shocked when we received our check : our beer wa $ 44 . i wa charged $ 22.50 for southern tier is choklat stout . the same size bottle retail for approximately $ 10 . that is completely ridiculous . it also doe not help that they do not have beer price listed . one star for the ridiculous overcharge . the food wa good .
a friend introduced me to this place back in march . the beer selection wa good and the bartender are fast and attentive.the highlight of the night wa the falafel i ordered . it wa made by.. i forget his name but he is the falafelmaster ! i could not believe how good it wa . i can not wait to try the rest of the menu .
i first heard of the park house , due to their blue grass night ( wednesday ) . my boyfriend is a big blue grass fan , so we rallied some friend and headed over . parking is street , but we did not have any problem finding a spot . i love the look of this place . it is so pittsburgh . ( in a fun architecture way , not a dive bar way ) there wa a good crowd for the music , but we were still able to get a table with a big group . a other yelpers have pointed out , there is free popcorn and peanut you can help yourself to . they have a small menu , but the food is good . we split an order of the hummus . yum ! a couple friend ordered some sandwich and they looked really yummy . the beer selection is quite good , we all ordered some seasonal from various microbreweries.they do have tv , so you are able to catch a game and grab a bite if you are in the mood . we had a server who wa efficient despite being slammed once the music started . i give her mad prop , b/c i wa not without a beer throughout the entire set . that score major point in my book . i noted that people also seemed to be getting drink at the bar timely a well.all in all the park house is a decent spot to hangout ! i will definitely be back ! !
we visited last night for the bluegrass night . being that we do not visit the north side very often this bar wa not bad . long narrow bar with lot of wood and a few table to sit at . they had a good selection of beer on tap that were seasonal and would satisfy any beer lover . the free popcorn and peanut were a nice touch.as for the bluesgrass jam night i can not really recommend it . i wa worried that it would be a bunch of hipster standing in a circle pretending to be the lumineers , and it wa . this is not bluegrass . also with a name like bluegrass jam it attracts other sparsely washed hipster like ant to an overripe peach.i would go back just not for the music .
some may describe this place little hipster paradise in the middle of the northside . i have been a sporadic customer of the park house since i moved to pittsburgh , initially right up the street , 7+ year ago . the atmosphere is really great . a nice , historic vibe , and a diverse customer base.the food is solid , albeit limited due to their small kitchen space . i would recommend the hummus more than anything else . it is the one that that is stood out to u on our visit . everything else is decent , but nothing special.my one complaint is the cost of the whisky . i think laphroaig 10 wa $ 15 for a pour . that is way too pricey for a 10 year old scotch that is only $ 50/bottle across the street at the wine & spirit . otherwise , the beer selection is decent , a well a their limited , but decent bourbon selection . overall , a great vibe , neighborhoody feel , and decent service will keep u stopping in whenever we are in the area and looking for a small snack and a few drink .
this wa our last stop on the bar crawl . they had pumking in november , among many other great craft brew . also , unlimited popcorn and peanut ? yes , please . the only downfall is the noise level . if you are coming to the neighborhood , this bar would be my first suggestion . it ha a much younger feel compared to james st. and max is , although i personally love all three .
absolutely amazing . it is a very cozy , inviting environment with fantastic service.they have a great selection of beer and they are more than willing to talk you through the process if your palette is in the mood for something specific.you are doing yourself a grave injustice if you just go here for some drink , though . self-service peanut and popcorn are in the back -- it is a lot more sanitary than the typical stuff sitting on the counter in dive bar across pittsburgh . zamir , the owner , is legitimately the most personable guy i have ever met in the bar scene . the guy genuinely care about the experience he is providing for you , especially with his food . everything he creates is right behind the bar freshly and carefully prepared . if you like any type of middle eastern / mediterranean food including hummus , falafel , or gyro , this is the place to get it . if it is not on the menu , you can request golani which is a spinach patty on a bed of lettuce . it is to die for .
i wa here for the well-known bluegrass night on a wednesday a couple week ago and had a pretty good time . a friend met up with me here and we were able to enjoy the live music close to the bar and actually meet a few of the local . i enjoyed the crowd- it seemed to mostly consist of 20 and 30 somethings , a bunch of bros , some couple , single girl and guy . we got some of the hummus , which wa pretty good . if someone invited me , i will definitely stop in again . $ 2 yuenglings for the bluegrass night ( that is reason enough to stop in again , right ? ) .
found out about the live bluegrass on wednesday night and had to stop in . ended up going multiple time to see shelf life string band and enjoy the beer and food . while there is not a kitchen , they are able to put together some awesome hot sandwich and fried ( curley and seasoned were both very good ) . wednesday night seem to draw the same crowd week after week and everyone wa friendly . if you are in the area , give this a shot !
ambiance is great , always good beer on tap and great mediterranean food . i started coming here because a friend wa bar-tending and it is become one of my favorite on the north side . i recommend the gyro if you are eating ... or anything really .
i had heard a lot about their food and decided to check it out one night after purchasing a groupon . this review is strictly for the food . it wa not good . the hummus wa okay , and our main plate seemed to be microwaved . the bar ambiance seemed cool though . so if you are looking for a bar atmosphere , i will probably rate this 3.5 star . for dinner , not that great .
i went here for bluegrass night following banjo night at the nearby elk club . what a fun night ! ! ! it is a very fun , friendly , music-loving environment . i believe this happens every wednesday , so definitely check it out ! i will be back for sure !
fun bar , and instead of typical bar food they lean towards greek dish . the blue grass jam on wednesday is a lot of fun and not too loud to still enjoy a conversation . decent beer price , pretty good selection .
only group for trivia night . unless you are okay with meeting random people at the bar , then by all mean stay . just make sure you are watching the game primarily then pipe in when you know the answer and people next to you have absolutely no idea what the answer is . who know , maybe you will get lucky and know the final bonus round question worth a lot more ... also go on live music night ... it is free , the music is not the greatest , but when it is free it is at the very least a good laugh when you have got friend to chill with , watch the game - pirate for me is always the go to . oh and did i mention that draft yuengling is only $ 2 ! doe not get much better than that on the northside lady and gent ! hope you enjoy the hole in the wall a much a i did !
i moved to the north side in july , and this ha since become my `` place '' in the area . the atmosphere is your typical small , dark , old tavern , with lot of charm and character . they always have a great craft beer selection on draft , the bartender are friendly , fun and super helpful , and the live bluegrass on wednesday night is totally worth coming out for alone ( $ 2 yuengling special for a girl on a budget doe not hurt , either . ) i have also come out for their trivia night on tuesday with friend , and that is most assuredly an excellent time . honestly , this ha become my bar security blanket , it is fantastic to be walking distance from a place that is always there for me on an otherwise uneventful tuesday or wednesday evening , ready to provide entertainment and good feel .
really like this bar . very friendly staff , good menu with not just the regular bar food . recommend .
i found this place on yelp and saw the good review so i figured we will check it out . it wa bluegrass night , so that wa fun . the staff wa incredibly nice . only complaint wa the price were a little high . but maybe that is because we are from wisconsin . maybe it is normal for here ? either way , could not afford to have more than a couple . would definitely stop again though if we were in town .
great neighborhood bar.great beer selection . burger and falafel .free peanut and popcorn.z is the best .
throw your peanut shell on the floor and wave your banjo like you just do not care ! the park house is the perfect blend of casual and trendy with emphasis on easy cool . lot of great live music , featuring bluegrass and acoustic . there is never a cover and they have an awesome draft list and inexpensive pub food . everyone who work here is fun and very helpful with the craft beer selection.one of the best thing - all the free popcorn and peanut you can handle ! the crowd here is happy and relaxed which make for easy mingling and making new friend . when there is live music , especially a band , it is loud - so if you are looking for intimate conversation , sit by the door or head on down to james street pub a few block away . tuesday night : trivia night 8pmwednesday night : bluegrass night music 9pmhappy hour mon.-fri. 5:00-7:00 pm $ 2.00 off wine $ 2.00 off draft beerswednesday bluegrass special 9pm-midnight $ 2 yuengling draft
i hesitate to leave this review simply because i am afraid my favorite local spot will get too popular ! the park house is awesome . the food is simple and tasty and the beer selection is great . not sure what you want ? jeremy or one of the other super friendly and knowledgeable bartender will give you a taste and help you decide . not hungry enough for dinner but want some snack with your beer ? peanut and popcorn are on the house . trivia on tuesday and bluegrass on wednesday are both a great time . finally , i can not say enough about the service here . z and his staff are friendly and attentive . they go out of their way to make you feel at home and get your served quickly . definitely stop by and see for yourself !
more of a 3.5 , but definitely not a 4 in my opinion . after living in pittsburgh for 10 year , 4+ of which have been spent on the north side , i finally stopped in after reading review and passing by this bar a hundred times.i arrived on a friday night a few minute after they opened . aside from the bartender and another guy who i came to realize wa the owner , i wa the only person there . shortly thereafter the place started filling up with a mostly younger crowd.i ordered a beer and enjoyed the free peanut while i waited for my boyfriend to arrive . it took a couple minute for me to become comfortable throwing the shell on the ground , but then it wa a lot of fun to do.when the bf arrived , we ordered some food . the menu is pretty small , but we found something that we would each enjoy . he had a burger with sweet potato fry and their gyro , i ordered the hummus . be prepared for a wait . it wa not until after i ordered that i saw a mention on the bottom of the menu asking for patience a the food is prepared . yah , we waited about 30 minute a the only person preparing all the food is the owner . by the way , the food prep area is close to the bar . i figured this out after i kept hearing a microwave go off every minute . the hummus wa served with two , warm pita ( not sliced ) . i did not dislike the taste , but did not love the hummus . i will instead stick with hummus from alladin is . the boyfriend noted that he enjoyed the burger and gyro , although the gyro did not look like a traditional gyro one would usually order . i tried his sweet potato fry and again wa not thrilled.we will likely give them another try sometime soon , but might stick to eating somewhere else first or only grabbing an appetizer here.ambiance - 4service - 3food - 3
i love you park house . you are always so good to me . you treat me right . your spirit warm my soul . your beer fill my belly . i have taken so much and all i can give back to you is this shitty review . à tout à l'heure .
stopped in to the park house on a recent tuesday evening . the place wa pretty full with people participating in their weekly trivia night . although it looked like a lot of fun , we did not take part.my boyfriend wa hungry and thirsty . i wa just thirstyalthough it wa only around 9 in the evening , the majority of people were drinking - not eating . a i mentioned in my first review of this restaurant , the menu is pretty small . also , all of the food is pretty much prepared by the owner at one end of the bar . he us microwave to heat up just about everything . the food is not bad , it is just not great and there is absolutely nothing special about it . so , do yourself a favor and come here for beer.my boyfriend ordered the gyro and hummus platter . i noticed that the tzatziki sauce had been sitting out uncovered and underneath a hot light for a significant amount of time before finally being covered by the owner . i found this to be a bit gross , especially since there is dairy in the sauce . by the way , we learned that the sauce is not homemade , but is doctored up by the owner.the hummus platter came with two warm ( microwaved ) pita . the owner noted that he make his own hummus . it wa pretty tasty , but definitely wa not a plentiful portion.what i did not like about this experience at the park house wa that the owner wa eating food behind the counter ( with glove ) and seemed to be preoccupied with a woman that wa sitting near u . i wanted to say something to him about eating with his glove on , but i felt extremely awkward.we will continue to come here , but in the future we will pas on the food .
gyro are delicious ! called for a pick up order and it wa ready in 10 minute . they also have a nice beer selection . bluegrass night on wednesday get pretty crowded , so you will probably want to get there early .
good beer , good food.free peanut , too !
came here for the second time since last winter ... and the feel wa completely different . it is not in the best part of town firstly- there are people in front of it begging for money , some people ask you for `` square '' which i found out are cigarettes- point being i know can not dock the restaurant for that- but management can take measure to keep the people from being right in front of their door . came here on a tuesday night after a kickball game with my team- i talked this place up because the last time i wa here the food , drink , and atmosphere wa awesome . this time ... not so much . the bar is understaffed , those who are seated wait like 7-10 minute to get their drink ; a a bar that serf food- the bartender came to our table like one time every 15-20 minute ; because they have 2 people working here-where it needed to be at least 3-4 . anyway , it wa trivia night when we came here . the trivia , complementary popcorn , and peanut definitely were an up side that made waiting for drink and food somewhat better . their selection of drink here is superb which is also a big plus . i ordered 2 order of falafel without bread ; after a long period of time ( 45 min ) i went to the bartender and asked her about my falafel order she only put in an order for one and gave it to somebody else ... all i can say wa i wa disappointed . but i have been here when there wa a band , good service , and really fun atmosphere- i hope it better next time .
this place is a dump . being new to pittsburgh we bought a bunch of groupons to try new place in town . we decided to check out the park house for a bite to eat and a few drink . what a joke . even though the groupon included menu item , they do not have a kitchen . they have a microwave on the bar and all of their food choice are microwave . gross , and it is a dirty , sketchy bar on the corner of east ohio and cedar . never again ... they can keep the other groupon . maybe they can use the money to buy some real food .
went to see a friend is band play and grab a bite to eat . i have not been here in a while and do not remember the menu having a mediterranean flair . i ordered the savvy serbian which wa perfectly grilled with swiss cheese and a roasted red pepper spread on a challah roll . ( i think that is what the roll wa called . ) either way , it wa damn delicious . the falafel wa also really good . it tasted really fresh and grainy-in a good way . could have used a wee bit more cumin , but it wa still really good . the crowd had a good vibe , and the staff were friendly . a true pittsburgh mainstay .
awesome place ! i go on wednesday for bluegrass night and a few beer . they have a great selection on beer and the decor is so cool and interesting . it is a great slice of pittsburgh history . the environment is friendly , the people are friendly , the staff is friendly , the band is friendly . they have a popcorn machine and a peanut bin for free munchies . just go ! peanut allergic people : note the mention of a giant bin of peanut .
awesome joint for some good light food and some amazing beer . owner doe a great job offering some top shelf beer on draught and in bottle . free peanut and popcorn thrown in for great customer service . the place doe not ever say they offer 4 star cuisine so do not complain when you do not get it . grab a drink and relax in an awesome old school bar .
you might not know it to look at the place , but the park house ha been quietly serving up the best falafel in the city for year . the menu is eclectic but accessible - nice mix of worldly middle-eastern fare alongside classic pub grub . it is clear that the owner - a gregarious israeli man who go by z - take a lot of pride in his food , a dish are meticulously crafted and always served with a smile . lot of local beer on tap , which is great to see a pittsburgh is beer scene grows into itself . bluegrass night is a blast and patron are always in good spirit . the park house is a real diamond in the rough .
great neighborhood pub . wonderful food handcrafted with attention by z , great for vegan , veggie , carnivore . top notch beer collection and special . loved lot of great group here also .
wednesday night is bluegrass music night . awesome vibe and cheap $ 2 yuengling draft until 11 . the small stage in the back is right next to the free peanut so you can throw peanut at the performer . they like that ! lol , do not do that but do buy the musician free beer , they are not getting paid much and i am sure they will appreciate it .
bernie is photo center is one of the few location in pittsburgh you will find that deal with canon is dslr compatible equipment . it is ha the appearance of a hole-in-the-wall shop on the outside and the selection of serious photographer lens and item could be better . the layout of the store is rather mismanaged . the employee working wa friendly and made recommendation , allowed me to try out a camera bag , and test a lens . there were several other customer in the store and he did his best to provide attention to everyone , however more employee would have been appropriate to shorten the wait time .
unfortunately , i wa not all that impressed with bernie is . it is a shame it is the only real photography store in the city , but they could definitley do better.as part of a black and white photography class , i needed to pick up film and photo paper , among a few other thing . while bernie is had everything i needed ( and lot of other supply ) i did not feel all that appreciated for coming in . i spent a couple hundred buck and felt like i wa being shuffled out the door a quickly a possible.i will give the one guy at the counter some credit because a woman right before me asked to get a roll or two of film developed in just barely an hour . i could tell he wanted to get to it quickly , but still felt like i wa hassling the guy just being there.i hate to see real camera store shut down , but unless i am in a pinch i am probably going to order supply online from now on .
i have a friend who bought a very specific flash for a polaroid 360 from bruce at bernie is . such a rare flash that no one is willing to split up the camera and flash to sell me a flash on it own . but of course , bernie is had 10 of them . i can not even begin to tell you how above and beyond they went to make sure i wa satisfied with this ( small and inexpensive ) purchase . when my friend arrived here in atlanta with the flash he bought there , it did not work . so i contacted bruce and he asked me to ship it back and he would get it working . well , for this small purchase , he replaced the nickel-cad battery ( specially ordered ) , replaced most of the innards , tested it on my camera , switched out the charger and shipped it back to me . at no cost . i know for a fact that they made no money on me . but in this process , bruce created a customer for life . i am in their debt . do not walk . run to bernie is . i can not wait to go back to visit pittsburgh again so i can walk in myself and meet bruce and see the amazing selection they have first hand . this is customer service , extrordinare !
i had a totally mixed experience with bernie is , which may explain the other review . i have a dslr that i got from my father - it had never been cleaned or adjusted . it had been having some trouble with the battery , so i took it to the only place in pittsburgh ( apparently ) that will help with this . a dark-haired guy greeted me a i walked in and treated me like a total noob , and his demeanor made me feel like the dirt under his shoe . however , he did give me good information and service about my camera when prompted by another man in the shop ( who i might assume is bernie ) . they told me they could send it to the manufacturer where they will clean it for a couple hundred buck , but instead they cleaned out the sensor and the lens right there at the counter and checked the contact between the lens and the camera . the dark-haired guy showed me through a magnifying glass what i wa looking at , and explained that some spot i saw in the viewfinder were inside the top of the camera and would not appear on the picture . the other guy ( bernie ? ) explained to me some of the function of the camera -- i knew these already , but it wa nice to hear them explained and he showed me a few example . they advised me to get a uv filter to protect my lens , which i knew wa overpriced but i happily bought anyway to pay for their service . so i think the kind of experience you get depends entirely on the person you run into . i can see how someone would be put off by the dark haired guy i ran into first , and how someone would absolutely love the service from the other guy . all in all i am pleased with my encounter with this shop , but i probably will not buy anything from there considering how overpriced it wa -- however , if something go wrong or i need any service , i will definitely go back .
up-charges most of their product that you can find on b & h for way le money . sale person treated me like i wa a very inexperienced . not a bad place if you are in need of camera gear without a moment notice , but overall definitely order offline .
good
i developed my 120 film here the other day , and they charged me an extra 4 dollar a roll for no reason . on the website they say $ 8 but they charged me $ 12 . the owner is very pretentious and rude . when i told him that it say 8 dollar online he did not care at all . when i dropped my film off the high school kid did not even tell me the price because `` it is too much for me to calculate '' also , the photo equipment , darkroom equipment and film are way over priced . i am never going back to this place . i strongly urge everyone to never enter or deal with bernie is photo . rather , use the website of company like b & h , adorama , or calumet . the have much better customer service and better price . very disappointed that this is the only photo store in the city .
went in to buy a cold shoe adapter in a pinch on my way to a shoot . he charged me $ 20 for the same exact item that sell for $ 6.29 at b & h . i bought it without thinking , a i wa stressing on the way to a gig , but wa furious when i thought about it in the car.unfortunately , this is the only game in town . make me glad i live in new york city . you would think a store in a dying industry would thrive to provide better customer service , pretty much the only reason why i would go to a small store rather than a big one . they do not even offer that .
despite all the review , i wa attended well , very helpful gentleman and they new what they were talking about , heck they even pointed me in the right direction to get a job ( i just moved to pittsburgh ) all in all , 4 solid star
after getting in a tight spot ( client changing plan on me ) , i wa in an emergency need for a large backdrop and wa worried about getting one in time . after a quick search , i came across bernie is , a sadly dying breed of actual photography store . i wa worried that the selection would not be adequate , but when i got there , my concern were put to rest . not only did they have exactly what i wa looking for ( and much more ) , but it wa also competitively priced . after solving my immediate problem , a salesman joe came up to me and asked if i needed any further assistance . i happened to also be in the market for a few more item and wa able to intelligently discus the product . why ? because joe , like the other salesperson , is not just a salesman , but also a photographer . i noticed another customer who wa new to photography wa receiving quality advise from an exceedingly patient salesman , showing that they are not elitist but inviting about photography . they know their stuff and are very helpful . the best part about a store like bernie is is that potential buyer of usually expensive equipment can actually get a look at and feel for product before they buy them . you just can not match that type of experience online and i am proud to support their business .
i gave them a film to develop back in may . they gave me a nice receipt . one week later i call , not ready . the following week , they would call me back . four month later , they still have no idea what they did with the film . other than losing your stuff , they seem like nice guy .
service and product are lackluster . i do not regularly shoot digital , so i need a 'real ' camera shop to either process or send out my film roll for negative . but to be fair , i may a well go to filmmaker and use their darkroom to process the film myself . first of all , they do not have their own darkroom at bernie is , and therefore have to send it out and it take sometimes over a week . secondly , i have stressed to them in the past that i wanted negative scan and not print . but 9/10 they give me print anyway . if you shoot with a sony , panasonic , leica , etc , they are more than likely not to carry any accessory for it . they have mostly canon and nikon accessory ; most of their lens are used and rather pricey compared to others . pro : variety of lens ( for a price ) , lot of film stock type to choose from , certain specialty accessory or gear not found anywhere else in the city . overall , not a great choice . i wa once a frequent customer and now i curse this establishment . for the only 'real ' camera shop around , they are 'really ' disappointing .
these guy are asshole to the max . in addition to being condescending , they hung up on me . i called to inquire if they carried a certain kind of film , despite that they do in fact carry that film , they basically told me to go elsewhere . you would think in a dying business you would not turn away potential customer - especially someone who wa being pleasant and polite . even after being a dick , i thanked him for his help which wa returned by him hanging up . i typically would never say you are better off buying online , but in this case you truly are . their attitude and lack of professionalism is not worth your sanity .
how can there be no review of max is allegheny ? this north side german food institution in pittsburgh ha been around for year and year and ha menu that tell you so . they also tell you the story of the north side of pittsburgh , which i also found interesting . the place itself ha a lot of character and look like it is seen a lot of year there . it is a little weathered , but definitely homey and sturdy.randy s. and i headed there post tazza d'oro on a sunday for brunch . it happened to be the same very sunday the pen were playing the flyer in game 7 , so all the waitress were wearing pen paraphernalia , which definitely added to the experience . on sunday morning it ha a brunch buffet with all the standard , plus a healthy dose of germanic add ons like german farmer breakfast ( egg , sausage and gravy-ed potato ) , red cabbage , pork chop , sauerkraut and potato pancake . the brunch buffet is in a room with a giant tapestry of neuschwanstein behind the guy at the omelet bar . if that is not rad , i do not know what is . we told the waitress we were going in , went and got back and sat down to find our two ice tea on the table in mason jar ( always dope ) . the food wa just what you would expect in pittsburgh : gut busting . it wa not artisinal or fancy , healthy or particularly remarkable , but it wa pretty fonking good and to eat that food in that restaurant really made me feel like i wa in pittsburgh . i can imagine all the food there would be of the 'hot and brown ' category , in a positive way . and the waitress wa probably the nicest on our drive from dallas to ct. a really fun place , if showing it is age ( though remorselessly ) .
crap ! i can not believe that i missed a `` first to review '' by just a matter of week . max is allegheny tavern ha been a shining star and a `` must '' for my pittsburgh rotation of place to visit . year ago , when i worked on the northside for heinz , i spent many a rowdy friday night here in the basement with factory worker . what is there to say ? it is a northside institution and always ha a mixed crowd that is super cool and friendly . the bartender are friendly and manage to remember my name and drink choice even though i am here only a few time a year . my friday night here must have made quite an impression ! i love the decor here , dark wood paneling with lot of stained glass , and the downstairs bar is where the naughty people hang . jukebox and room for dancing . the food is very homey and very reasonably priced . the german nacho are always worth ordering , and they are smothered with gouda cheese . the spatzle is also a creamy indulgent treat . and for those seeking the real deutsch culinary experience , they have a large variety of sausage and schnitzel . so it is a sausage factory in more way than one .
i have eaten here many time in the last 27 year , and i must say i have never had a bad meal here . the reuben is good , a is the turkey reuben , which is served between 2 potato pancake instead of bread . the beefeater sandwich is always a good bet . the beef is always tender , and never fatty or grisly . for the time when i am a bit more hungry , i get the wienerschnitzel . try the german potato salad and/or the sweet and sour cabbage . and do not forget dessert . the dessert are homemade by the owner is wife .
despite living in pittsburgh for most of my life , i have somehow managed to never eat at max is allegheny tavern until recently . my initial impression of the restaurant wa positive - the place had an old neighborhood feel to it , a small crowd wa drinking at the end of the antique hardwood bar , and the german mural on the wall made me crave an icy-cold german lager with a stout head of foam . i thought about how well german potato salad would taste with that beer . so i grabbed a seat at the bar and eagerly awaited the first taste of my beer.and i waited ... and waited ... and waited some more - for over 15 minute before someone came around to take the order . actually that is not quite accurate . two employee came around - one to the end of the bar , and one behind the bar directly opposite me . both of them stared at me . neither one greeted me or asked me what i would have like to order . i stared back , incredulously , and even made a `` what is going on here '' palms-extended-upward-shoulder-shrug gesture . neither one took the hint.finally a third employee came around the bar and took my order . great , i thought to myself , finally that beer . she served the beer in a mason jar . wtf ? ! ? who serf imported german lager at a german restaurant in a freaking mason jar ? max is doe . the beer wa devoid of it head , likely the result of a bad beer pour and/or a le than perfectly clean glass ( an endemic problem with pittsburgh restaurant , in my observation ) . i wa sad . i quaffed my beer quickly in an attempt to salve my irritation and opened the menu.my first impression of the menu can be summed a follows : `` uh-oh '' . the menu is huge with a number of `` slow-food '' stew and braises . the restaurant is more than half-empty . how can a restaurant prepare such a large number of menu item , including more than a few labor-intensive dish , freshly every day and still stay in business when the place is not even half-full ? answer : they can not . the food is not fresh.i ordered the wiener schnitzel . i love properly prepared wiener schnitzel . made with fresh butterflied veal breast , slightly pounded and seasoned , well-coated in fresh bread crumb , and pan-fried in clarified butter until golden brown on the outside and juicy on the inside , wiener schnitzel is the ultimate comfort food . sadly , max is wiener schnitzel had nothing to do with properly prepared schnitzel . the veal wa super-thin , had a texture that strongly suggested it had been mechanically processed , and tasted a if it wa pre-breaded and frozen . it wa not pan fried either . the breaded , frozen , puck wa simply dropped into a fryolater - where the breading puffed out and fell off of the meat in place ( which doe not happen when the cutlet is resting against the cooking surface under it own weight a when the dish is properly pan-fried ) . the edge of the sad schnitzel had curled up and it looked a horrible mess on the plate . curly schnitzel ? ! ? my stomach dropped.my side , german potato salad and braised red cabbage , were equally awful . the german potato salad had an unnatural glossy sheen - the kind that typically come from bottled sauce that contain high fructose corn syrup . the `` bacon '' in the dressing wa nothing more than tiny fleck of some sort of processed , possibly faux , `` meat '' . the potato were suspiciously uniform in thickness and roundness - exactly the homogeneity that is found in pre-peeled , pre-sliced , vacuum-sealed processed potato . it wa a gluey , sickly sweet , mess . i did not have more than a bite or two . the braised red cabbage did not taste fresh - it tasted like it had been sitting in a steam table for a day or two and my order wa it last chance to be eaten . max is allegheny tavern bill itself on their web site a , `` the best in german fare . the best in service '' .that is total bullshit . it is awful - both for service and fare.if you want good , authentic , german fare ( in which the schnitzel is properly pan-fried to order and delicious ) , join the teutonia mannerchor down the street . i will never return .
decent german food and decent beer . their party room in the basement is great for very large group , birthday party or other type . i wa raised only a few block from this place so i have eaten here quite a bit . i have had most of what is on the menu so it is hard to decide what is best . very authentic german food and a good neighborhood bar .
i like this restaurant so much i had my wedding rehearsal dinner here . ( both the family liked the food very much . ) max is is the best german food in pittsburgh -- actually , it is the best german food i have had outside of germany , and i have definitely had worse meal in germany a well.max is is in a restored hotel , and the decor is very much in the victorian style of the original hotel building . the exception is the bar area that is good for happy hour or watching a game , or just having a beer -- that ha a lot of neon and a jukebox . but the bar area is also tasteful and pleasant to be in . max is ha a full bar , but their real specialty is their excellent selection of german beer , both in bottle and on tap.i have not met a wurst i did not like , and they are pretty much all offered here . the braunschweiger sandwich is pretty delicious and unique in my experience , and the schnitzel are very delicious a well . another specialty is the kase spatzle ( spatzle noodle with smoked gouda cheese -- a twist on mac and cheese that ensures that even a picky child will have something to enjoy here ) , but my two favorite menu pick here are the hassenpfeffer and the spinach salad with warm bacon dressing . for side , the red cabbage salad is my favorite , although the sauerkraut is also very good . i do not care for the german potato salad , however -- i like the kind that ha caraway seed and vinegar , and is served cold , but max is offer the kind that ha an unidentifiable sauce and is served warm . some people like that style of potato salad though , and from what i can tell , max is doe a decent rendition of it.if you are looking to reserve a room here for a banquet , you have a lot of option . the basement `` rathskellar '' is more bar-like in it atmosphere . it would be a good place for some guy to have a birthday party or something . for a rehearsal dinner or other formal event , one of the upstairs banquet room would be better . depending on the size of your group , you can arrange to have a buffet-style dinner , or individual in the group can order directly off the regular dinner menu .
i have been eating their sauerbraten since i wa a little girl . i love this place . i love the old-fashioned decor , the room setup make you feel a if you are in an old house , and there is a piano that play itself by the bar if you feed it a quarter.if you are a first time visitor , i reccomend their wonderful sampler platter that allows you to choose 3 ( i think ) entree and some sides.superyum !
want a taste of the old ethnic community of pittsburgh ? go to max is allegheny tavern . german never tasted sooo nice ! menu fav : potato pancake reuben . forget the bread and wrap your lip around sweet potato pancake and load of corned beef . try the hot potato salad too .
i am a big fan of max ; ; s for their local flair , real german food , and authentic pittsburgh feeling . they did not sell out , are not overly commercialized , and should be supported for the long standing quality service to the city . thanks , max is .
great atmosphere , wonderful service and really great food . my husband and i shared the brat sandwich and the sampler with schnitzel lichtenstein , sauerbraten and something with an 'l ' that i can not remember the spelling of ( ground loaf ) ... .all were excellent . we had the sauerkraut and spatzle , and cabbage a side . the bread brought out before the meal included apple butter and sweet & sour relish ( cabbage ) and those were excellent too . would love the sweet & sour relish in a side size portion it is so delicious . the red dining room is nicely decorated and love the cuckoo clock that is reminiscent of my grandmother is . the beer out of the mason jar is a fun touch . our bill came to $ 29 ( 1 beer , 1 diet coke for our drink ) and it wa a fabulous meal for so little .
i must of been eating at another max is in a pararell universe ! food wa terriable , service wa worse ! went and got sushi !
definitely my favorite german restaurant , this place brings back memory ... . *sigh* . it is a long-time north side staple , and the atmosphere ha a `` well worn '' appeal with old picture of the local germanic community and of the area . this place ha it is own personality ! a for the food ... well , you can not find much better german food than this and at this price ! both of my parent favor the peasant platter . me , i love the stuffed pretzel appetizer , all the different sausage ( the weisswurst is amazing ! ) , and their kasespatzle ( thick , doughy egg noodle with butter and cheese ) . i will always associate max is with the best , most flavorful german food at an affordable price !
have been eating at max is for 20 year . one of the restaurant i miss the most now that i am out of the 'burgh . visit often and always stop by . great food and great beer ... .not a bad combo . i have dream at night about there wurst platter and spatzele with cheese ... .definately a do not miss attraction
if you are visiting pittsy and you want to find some `` local flavor '' served with a side dish of damned good german food , max is is for you . i wa so happy to come here after a week of hotel/bar/fancy restaurant food ... total wonderful german heaven . i went with the sauerbraten , a perennial favorite of mine . i can not say that max is wa the best i have ever had ( cuz mine is the best i have had ) , but it wa damn good . and the sauerkraut ! and potato pancake ! and the beer served in mason jar ! it wa fun and fantabulous ! great , friendly servicee with personality . a many schnitzel on the menu a you can imagine ( my co-worker had schnitzel with an egg , anchovy and caper on top , if you can imagine ) .i did not order the `` corned beef meatball '' ... i can not believe they make such a thing .
visiting from san francisco . food wa mediocre at best . bland is the best description . sausage and weiner schmitzel were unremarkable . best wa the sweet & sour cabbage that accompanied . but also served were over-boiled 'daily vegetable ' of snap pea , asparagus , and red pepper ... . to the point that they were losing their color . good beer . yes it ha old photo of day gone by ... but really there seemed no joy here now ...
not only doe this place have a very nice atmosphere , the food is good ( and cheap ) too ! for under 10 dollar a person we each got : -a drink-a bradtwurst sausage-2 giant potato pancake , served with sourcream ( note that these are not latke ) -a huge bowl of saurkraut , which also contained some pork and cranberries.delicious home-baked bread , which wa served with some saurkraut ( prepared differently than the side ) and apple-butter sauce.yum ! it is hard not to like this place . i am still having craving for those pancake : (
do you know max & erma is ? well say hello to just max ( no seriously , erma sold out . ) max is specializes in delicious german fare ( think hofbrauhaus , only better ) and a delightful atmosphere . this is the type of restaurant that after you go once , you just want to go back again and again . you will be in the middle of final and think `` sampler platter please . '' if you are going out in the north side to catch a game or out to a museum , i highly recommend stopping by max is to partake in a meal . i have yet to be let down .
greatest place in pittsburgh for german food ! ! my favorite dinner here is max is goulash . it a great beef stew with spaetzle and you can get potato pancake on the side . the potato pancake are , without a doubt , the best in pittsburgh ! ! while the food is fantastic , the staff and customer service is what keep this place from being really excellent . it a very `` come a you are '' sort of place and rightfully so a it is a tavern/restaurant but the staff may take the casual nature of the restaurant a little too seriously.one evening about a year ago , i went in for dinner . i originally thought to sit at a wooden booth in the bar and there wa only 1 open , the last towards the back . i sat down and the seat completely collapsed on me ! i am far from what you will call `` fat '' `` heavy set '' or even a `` big girl '' and the staff just sort of stared at me a though it were my fault that their booth just fell apart , the bartender even laughed at me while i tried to get up . no one asked if i wa ok , no one asked if i needed help and i wa generally ignored a i tried to pull myself to my foot . *i* had to approach the hostess , tell her that the booth had just collapsed and ask to be reseated . she rolled her eye at me and told me the dining room wa full so i will have to wait . ok , understandable ... could you offer a drink or a manager or something while i waited considering the fact that your booth just broke apart ? the entire incident wa either completely ignored by staff , like it never happened or i wa looked at like it wa my fault . i did not even get so much a an apology ! i have been back a couple of time since then because the food is always good but i always sit in the dining room now which is sort of a shame because i actually like the bar atmosphere better . luckily for me though , their menu is online and they offer take out . unfortunately , they have the hostess answering those phone call and since she is not a server , she doe not have a lot of knowledge about the menu . when i asked for a total , i wa put on hold for a couple of minute . she finally came back and i asked how long and wa put on hold again so she could go ask the kitchen . she wa quite rude about it , like i wa bothering her.bottom line : max is *is* the best place for german food in pittsburgh , hand down . but , the food is the only thing you are going for . the staff could use some help on customer service .
great atmosphere of a neighborhood pub , good german beer selection , but food wa le than mediocre . will not be back . weisswurst wa very bland . sauerbraten wa dry and tasteless . spaetzle wa , well , not tradidional german spaetzle . schnitzel and purple cabbage were the high point , but then again , it is hard to screw up a fried veal cutlet .
after a long day at work i met up with a friend for some german fair on the northside . i do not get out to this neck of the wood that often so it wa a treat for me ! all appetizer are $ 2.99 during happy hour so we went with the potato pocket which were perogies in my book . they were crispy and creamy , and topped with fried onion . they also had a side of french onion sour cream . pretty tasty stuff ! plus they gave you so many i could have filled up just on the app . i ordered the bell is oberon while my dining partner ordered the sampler . i have to say that she wa not that impressed with the brew . `` dirty pipe '' and i quote . i had the same taste from my order so i focused on the food.we both ended up ordering max is goulash that wa suggested by another yelper ! you can not go wrong when you have that recommendation . this is not our small town neighborhood goulash made from egg noodle and a mix with ground beef . the noodle in this feast were homemade and chunky , piled high with a peppery meaty sauce infused with fall off the fork beef , carrot , pea , and tiny pearl onion . if you remember yesterday wa a cold , rainy , gloomy day . this wa real comfort and i had to take it to go . rain is still in the forecast so leftover will be grand !
i really like this northside institution . they serve the beer in jar and i had spaten german beer- very good . they put really buttery free popcorn on the table so be careful- the grease stick to your finger . in the bar they have an old fashioned player piano . i really like the german fare- big portion . the schitzel is good but not great but overall way better than hofbrauhaus and not disney- it is the real mccoy .
i took my boyfriend , a german-food enthusiast , to max is allegheny tavern last night . we had been looking forward to a night out together for a while . i think the food wa good , but it is hard to say , because all i could focus on wa the loud -- and i mean loud -- woman seated behind my boyfriend and me.her profanity-laden discussion with her dining partner wa so bad that for the first time in my life , i turned around and asked a fellow restaurant patron to take the volume down a few notch . the restaurant wa almost empty ; i have no idea why the host chose to seat a loud party of five next to a couple having a quiet dinner .
i do not have the opportunity to eat a lot of german food , but the weisswurst platter i had here wa quite excellent . price are moderate . service wa just awesome.the menu is quite extensive , and i hear the beer is pretty good too . if i lived in pittsburgh , i would be a regular .
my girlfriend and i were in town for a vintage race ( pittsburgh vintage grand prix ) and were looking for someplace different to eat . we came across max is . wow , did we ever chow down . about a authentic a you can get and that come from someone who lived in bavaria for 3 year and ha traveled extensively through germany over the year . if you are into german food , i can not recommend this place enough . the atmosphere is spot on , the service is great and the price is good . if i lived in pittsburgh , i could see me making this place a regular stop .
let me start off by saying that i am unfamiliar with german food . i can not compare what i had with what is served in germany , but i will describe my experience . i ordered a special , which apparently change at weekly or monthly . the name slip my mind but i will describe it thus : homemade mac and cheese ( not the processed powder stuff ! ) with mini shell pasta . crumbled cracker topped this concoction that taste eerily like my grandmother is . she is italian by the way . the mac and cheese ha a variety of 3 different sausage sliced : knackwurst , bratwurst , and weisswurst . the portion wa large ! i had to take home about 1/3 of my meal . maybe the bread and side salad filled me up . : ) in my opinion , it wa good but doe not do well a a leftover . my dessert consisted of german chocolate cake . i know , i know ... how original . but i love german chocolate cake ! ! ! ! and yes , i do know that german chocolate wa created in america by a man with the last name of german ... still love it ! ! ! i need to go back soon so i can try more of their food . one visit is not enough . i had my sample and i want more !
i have been going to max is off and on for 31 year ( i know ! how could someone a young a i am been going there for that long ? ) and i am not from nor ever lived in the north side ! that said ... i have always loved the food and the place . i wa great the first time and wa great last night ! most of the main can be recommended without reservation ... .last night i had roasted pork with dressing and gravy . it wa deliscious ! a for side ... .i always have potato pancake and sweet and sour cabbage . ( because of my eastern european background i am partial to both cabbage and potato . do not be afraid of the cabbage unless you dislike sour ! we did not have dessert , but did have beer and drink . they have a nice selection.my only complaint wa that the food wa slow to come out . it wa a busy friday night and i wa not going anywhere so i had anover beer . no big problem.give max is a try ... ..it might make your favorite like it did mine !
the goulash wa ( sickeningly ) sweet and the bread pudding wa not sweet at all . but the atmosphere is kind of cool . and the price are downright cheap .
let me preface this by saying that my understanding of goulash came from what my mom called goulash . goulash in the contrucci household wa made of elbow noodle , beef and spaghetti sauce . i guess you can not believe everything your parent tell you right ? so going in here , i wa thinking , great ... mom is goulash ! what wa set in front me looked nothing like what i wa used to . it wa a mish mosh of veggie , noodle , gravy and some random unidentifiable food item . i usually eat whatever is put in front of me , so i wa not scared to dive it . sadly , i just did not like it . i thought it wa actually not very appetizing at all . i know , i know , this is like `` world famous '' goulash , but i wa not into it ! what i wa into wa the german potato salad . i love it , and honestly , i feel like i never get the same version of it anywhere in the burgh . this wa a no frill version , with scallop sliced potato and a thick vinegar sauce . maybe a bit too much , but not enough for me to eat it all ! would i go back ? if someone else really wanted to go there , but i would not suggest it nor would i go on my own . oh well , on to the next one right ?
i wa not excited about max is when i first walked in . there were no server in evidence and i wandered through the entire restaurant looking for an employee to seat me before finally asking the bartender to help . after that , though , thing definitely improved . i loved the slightly shabby , old-world vibe . the old photo on the wall were interesting , and the menu slash old newspaper wa a pretty cute presentation . we got appetizer for dinner , and my favorite by mile wa the potato pocket with grilled onion on top . ( basically a pierogi . ) so good . so , so good . i actually wa not a excited about the potato pancake a i expected - maybe because i wa expecting more of a latke style flavor profile ? not sure . we also got the stuffed pretzel - total heart attack on a plate - in a good way ! i loved that everything we got came with dipping sauce . so fun . overall a positive experience . i will go back .
we ( my fiance and i ) went out for a pseudo-couples ' date with our good friend , sara and thom , to max is to introduce them to some of the most authentic german food in da burgh . where most people associate hofbrauhaus with the ultimate german beer-hall experience , i prefer max is for the quieter , le raucous environs . ( at least when it is not oktoberfest ) we will been there once before and immediately fell in love with the place . i ( still ) keep raving about the sausage and cheese platter . they have got some good gouda . the potato pocket ( pierogies ) were ok -- i will take some pierogies plus or forgotten taste over max is , but that is just me.the spaetzel wa to die for , however . it is like a german mac n ' cheese . and boy , do i love me some mac n ' cheese . it literally melt in your mouth with it ' ooey-gooey-ness.drink-wise , i tried their german lager and thom tried the sampler . thom is a beer enthusiast . for around eight buck , you get a good amount of beer to try -- they are not some dinky little shot glass sample , either . thom had some trouble near the end finishing it ... it wa so much beer . bob had a captain and ginger-ale ... in a king-size goblet . goblet are the only way to serve adult bevvies.for dinner , i had the pork loin over an apple-raisin gravy/bread concoction . the pork loin wa flavorful and tender , and quite delicious . sara had the sauerbraten and seemed to enjoy it . bob is burger wa ginormous and looked extra tasty.we finished it off with the apple fritter . now , these fritter are not for the faint of heart . and they are not your average dinky small sized portion , either . you get two huge deep fried apple fritter , covered in vanilla ice cream . one person can not eat the whole serving . you must , i repeat must share them . if you attempt to eat the whole plate yourself , you will have flavor explosion , followed by severe heartburn . but damn , are they good.our visit ended up totaling 2 hour . one thing , though ... please fix your outdoor sign . usually it shine out like a red and blue beacon in the night for people to find their way there , but on wednesday , it wa out . driving there , i got confused on where it exactly wa ( but i had a general idea , a i had been there before . ) .
the food is simply four-star good , but the atmosphere and service are definitely worth a star all by themselves . max is is cozy in a neighborhood hangout kind of way , with a menu that will hit the spot if `` nouvelle '' is not your favorite cuisine . they do have a vegetarian sandwich , but we went for the potato pancake reuben ( turkey and regular ) with onion ring and apple sauce and were very pleased . the pancake batter is on the floury side , so they are more pancake than latke , but they were good nonetheless . if i lived a little closer , i will be here all the time - local north side brew , and a menu i am looking forward to exploring from top to bottom . they even have my favorite dessert from when i wa little , black forest cake , so you know i will be back for that .
really excellent german food . everything on the menu is delicious . i always enjoy the knockwurst platter . the potato pancake are great . i used to think german food wa always heavy , however when it is cooked well , the way max is serf it , it is light , tender and delicious .
nice lil bar/restaurant with awesome staff.my favorite thing about this place : the staff.friendly , kind and super nice .
i have been going to max is for 20 year . i love this place . the einlauf soup is just simple good eats , but if you are ever there when the soup special is beer cheese - order it ! ! . i love their potato pancake , sauerbraten and the basket of german roll served with sauerkraut salad and apple butter . the waitress have been there for year , they are the best ! most delicious long island iced tea in the city .
diane is awesome , i used to live in pa andmoved to can and this is a great place for a beer , cheap food and good friends.i miss this place.one of my favorite place back home in pa !
this is my favorite restaurant on the northside , possibly favorite restaurant in all of pittsburgh . i tell all my friend that this little restaurant is the best kept secret in pittsburgh . max is is a quaint little german place that always ha plenty of seating , even on friday and saturday night . the service is good . the food is great , i always end up getting the potato pancake . if you are looking for a place to check out that is not going to be a crowded and will be more `` authentic '' german food than other place you should definitely come to max is !
excellent german food . i went in for an early lunch , the service wa great . had a whole feast of great dish . the best sauerkraut i have ever had -- subtle , with caraway . sweet and sour cabbage , potato salad , spaetzle , a great weisswurst , and a great wheat beer on tap .
i honestly can not get enough of this place . we used to come here after going to pirate game since it right up the road . now it one of my favorite place to go out with my friends.its a bit pricey ( ~ $ 15/person ) , but the quality and quantity is superb . the service is pretty good . the atmosphere ha a nice feel to it , perhaps it the antiquity.. i love the cuckoo clock and tapestry they have.now , to the food : the bread they give you ... with apple butter ! ! ... is very fresh and tasty . try not to fill up on it while waiting on your huge main course.. the bavarian soft pretzel were warm and soft when we ordered them . also delicious.the sampler platter is a great deal if you do not know yet what you like . you get 3 entree and the typical side for ~ $ 16 . my favorite , though , is the schnitzel liechtenstein , with sauerkraut and potato pancake . fresh and delicious everytime.i would definitely recommend this place to anybody who like ethnic , or german/bavarian food , or just trying new stuff . it is awesome .
max is is a great place for german food . i have had several sandwich , most of the appetizer and even the sunday brunch ( which ha a good spread but can be hit or miss ) - though not all in one visit.i most recently took my mom out for dinner using a living social deal i had . somehow , even though we have both been to max is quite a few time before neither of u had ever seen the sampler platter option on their menu . for just a bit more than the cost of the regular entree , you can choose three entree and two side . obviously the portion of each selection are smaller than the individual meal , but the size is still generous and there were only a couple thing not available for the sampler platter . between the two of u we selected six different item and four different side to try and shared everything - and still had enough left for a full meal each the next day . i can not even decide on my favorite of all the item we tried . if you are not sure about some of the entree , this is a great way to see what you like . i personally loved everything so much that i think my new go-to menu item from now on will be the sampler platter . not being forced to choose just one item is what living in america is all about.all together i think our bill wa around $ 35 ( no alcoholic beverage consumed ) . some might consider this a tad pricey but the food is so good i usually do not mind the slightly higher cost . service ha never been a problem for me in fact they have always been helpful when i have question about the menu . full bar with numerous good beer on tap . if you want german food in pittsburgh , max is is definitely the place to start .
i really thought i will never be back . the goulash i had wa so so gross . but then , wa roped in by some friend who were doing a sunday brunch book club . of course i could not miss out on tantalizing conversation ... so i obliged . i really had no clue what they offered for brunch option , but quickly learned they have a a pretty decent size brunch buffet . i am not below buffet at all , it is the fat kid in me ! most thing still looked a little questionable to me , but i went for the big ticket item . make your own omelet , potato pancake and dessert . i will hit up the buffet again , but still be hasty to check out the regular menu again . the omelet wa made right in front of you , so i added cheese , mushroom , pepper , tomato and onion . i wa super excited about it because it wa the size of a football . sadly , it wa pretty tasteless . i do not think they added any salt or pepper to the egg mix , so it came out really bland , despite loading up on ingredient . but the potato pancake ... i could survive on them forever . they were amazeballs ! add some sour cream and i wa in potato patch heaven ! i had to keep myself from getting more because of the other thing i loaded up on ... dessert . the dessert looked unassuming , but they were also awesome . i had a smattering of delectable bite . the scone were so moist and tasty . i had to stop myself from taking more than 20 . i also had some carrot cake , brownie , cooky among other thing i inhaled and did not pay attention too . should i be embarrassed ? probably . but i do not care because it wa darn good !
this is hand down the best german restaurant in pittsburgh.it is fantastic , although there are two menu item that are inedible . do not order the chicken viennese , or the goulash.i absolutely love this place . i always get the sampler platter and get two knackwurst and a schnitzel lichtenstein and then take half of it home . this review is not very exciting , bc now i am thinking about how i wa schnitzel lichtenstein ... listen i grew up a kleine madchen in stuttgart germany . i know my german food , and if you are thinking hoffbrau haus you are thinking of just one type of german cuisine . aside from when atrium is ha their oktoberfest menu , this is the most authentic german food in pittsburgh.how good is max is ? it wa good enough my german family and i held my sister is rehearsal dinner there . and they even let u have polter abend on the sidewalk outside ! it is good enough we take our father there for father is day.if you have not taken your dad out to dinner lately , you should ! take him to max is ! reasonably priced , and the interior reminds me a little of eating at my grandmother is house .
i wa highly disappointed . i heard rave review about the food but it wa no where near a good a it wa made out to be . i got the yagersnitzel . while the sauce wa excellent , the veal wa very hard to cut with a knife . it wa also not pounded evenly and raw on the thick end . the spatzel wa soggy , mushy and not drained properly . it wa swimming in water . the roll must have been refrigerated and were ice cold . the relish and apple butter were great however . i also do have to say the german potato salad wa dynamite . we also ordered a spicy bloody mary and were given what tasted like watered down bloody mary mix and vodka with nothing else in it . it wa bad ... the you can not drink it kind of bad . we had to spice them up ourselves with worcestershire and tabasco plus add salt and pepper to get them to taste ok . i will note their server were excellent . i have no complaint at all about the service ! my husband ha eaten there before and wa sorely disappointed a well . i do not know if it wa a bad day , but i will be weary of spending another $ 75 for lunch for 3 people and getting sub par food and a bar that can not pull off a basic drink . i hate to say , buy i got better german food at hofbrahaus ( sp ? )
looking for alternative place to brunch , we ventured out to max is . the service wa quite attentive . the brunch offering wa reasonable but not overwhelming . it consisted mainly of waffle , omelette station , fried chicken , stuffed cabbage , potato pancake , sausage , bratwurst , bacon , and a selection of pastries.the quality of the food wa okay , but none of the offering stood out a memorable . if you are looking for a reasonably priced brunch you could do worse than max is , but you could also do better .
our dinner here wa a nice experience . we were going to a concert and when we arrived many people were waiting to be seated . we were told to expect a half hour wait . we sat at the bar and had a drink and in what must have been only ten minute we were asked if we would mind eating at a booth in the bar area rather than wait for the dinning room . we were thrilled , because we were considering eating at the bar . the booth worked out just fine . it wa not too noisy and we got served quickly . even though there were several special that tempted u , we both ordered the best thing on the menu - their jäger schnitzel , with side of hot german potato salad and sweet and sour cabbage . i had a german black lager and my wife a glass of wine . the basket of assorted roll come with delicious apple butter and sauerkraut relish , both very tasty . the schnitzel is quite large , and we only made it about halfway thru when we asked for a to-go box . we are looking forward to finishing it here at home . maybe next time we will try something different ... .but probably not ! pro : inexpensive , very tasty schnitzelscons : no reservation for party under 5
been here a number of time and it is my favorite german food in pgh !
after hearing hofbrauhaus-haters say that max is allegheny tavern is the only place to go in pittsburgh for german food , my husband and i decided to finally try the restaurant this afternoon.we were seated in little booth right next to the bar . they were cozy , but the seat reminded me of old fashioned church pew . our waitress soon brought u a little basket of four roll with butter , sauerkraut relish , and apple butter . though i liked the different variety of bread , it wa nothing special . the relish and apple butter were a nice touch though.our waitress wa busy with both waiting table and tending the bar , but she managed to check on u pretty frequently . our food also came out relatively promptly . i order the wiener schnitzel with potato pancake and spatzle on the side . the wiener schnitzel wa amazing -- by far the best i have ever had ! the veal wa tender and the fried surface wa perfectly crispy . however , the side sadly did not match this main dish . the potato pancake were oddly bitter , and i did not enjoy them with either the sour cream or applesauce . i only ate two or three bite and completely stopped eating them . ( i must add that hofbrauhaus is potato pancake are delicious and something that i order every time that i go there . ) i also did not enjoy the spatzle , but i am accustomed to eating cheese spatzle ... . so i may be reviewing this harshly since i am just not used to plain spatzle , but in my opinion , it wa terribly bland and watery.overall , max is allegheny tavern served one incredible item ( wiener schnitzel ) , but everything else wa merely mediocre . because of this , i really do not plan on returning to the restaurant again any time soon . i will be sticking with the fun environment and overall good food at hofbrauhaus , actually .
i have a friend that love this place , and i have been told it is the best german food in pittsburgh so i had to give it a try.i had the roasted loin of pork stubenkuchen style with german style potato salad , and sauerkraut . everything wa really good . the pork wa delicious and that mushroom gravy that they put on it wa nothing short of amazing . i want a whole bucket of the stuff to put on everything . the sauerkraut wa interesting featuring shredded pork mixed in . the german potato salad wa good but wa pretty much what i expected . their draft beer selection left a little bit to be desired but featured 5-8 beer many of them popular german style beer . i got a good idea what this place is all about and i have to say that i will be back for more .
what to eat for dinner ? hmmm , a nearby german restaurant sound good ( and it wa ) . there is nothing extraordinary to get into detail about so:1 star for free street parking1 star for ample seating/tables1 star for friendly service1 star for a very good mealsimple , yet effective . danke .
german food and german beer served in a mason jar . best in pittsburgh . the history of the tavern and the friendly make this wish me that i lived closer to max is .
the food is not a good a it once wa . the atmosphere is kind of dark and need to be updated . we ordered potato pancake that had to be returned because they somehow tasted fishy ( i do not even want to speculate ) . the other item we ordered were ok. staff is great , very friendly and attentive .
excellent brunch . will go back for dinner.we went here for brunch . while smallish the selection is quite varied and really really good . i enjoyed the omlets that were custom made and the waffles.i really am looking forward to going back here for dinner a the menu looked really tastey and the food being brought to other table looked really good.both the hostess and the server were polite and attentive .
max is is a nice german restaurant in the north side and it ha a decent bar too . i will much rather go here then a place like the hofbrauhaus . unlike hofbrauhaus , you will not find live accordion music or dancing on the table here , but what you will find is a quality german meal . i say leave place like the hofbrauhaus to the tourist , i want a real german meal.i went for lunch this past weekend and had a kielbasa sandwich with sauerkraut on it . it wa very good , exactly what i wanted from a german restaurant and the service wa good too . the food wa served with roll and a side . i substituted a spinach salad with hot bacon dressing for a side.i have been to max is a few time and have been very pleased with both the food and service . i recommend trying the spinach salad with hot bacon dressing , potato pancake , and the pretzel .
quaint spot on a back street in the north side . very polite service , and delicious food at a great value . will definitely go back for authentic german fare .
i had max is sausage platter on a recent visit . nice menu with something for everyone and taste . loved the kraut , and wursts included with the meal . the cheese wheel appetizer wa a huge hit too ! fun place and our server wa great . she definitely helped give this place a family friendly feel .
not sure why my review wa flagged but i can assure that i , m not an employee or another restaurant making trouble for a competitor , just an average consumer that life on the northside . when will i ever learn . i really want to like this place . it is a cool building with neat old fashion feel to it . but the food is mediocre at best.the last time i wa there i got what they called german goulash . i have had this made for me by real german cook so i have a good idea what it is supposed to taste like and this is not it . it wa made from pork instead of beef with frozen pea and carrot . the gravy wa not a rich and savory , it wa canned or packaged with i do not even know what spice in it . when i complained to the waitress she said that most people do not like it either . she asked me if i wanted something else but i wa in a hurry and ate the meat after i scraped the gravy off of it . i have been to this place 1 or 2 time a year and i have had undercooked potato pancake , greasy rubins and cold sausage . the only thing i can say is really good is the spinach salad with warm bacon dressing . it is a bit over priced for the size , but it is always really good.sunday bruncha neighbor talked me into going here for the brunch and i wa glad she did . for an all you can eat brunch they do a nice job keeping thing stocked and fresh . the omelet chef wa very good making stuff just a you asked him for , yum . the sausage is great and the bacon is cooked in a range of doneness that everyone can find . so , for dinner and lunch my original 2 star stand but the sunday brunch is a solid 4 1/2 star .
my husband and i have been to this restaurant many time over the past 20 year and went for sandwich tonight . sorry to say it wa the worst food we have ever eaten at this place . reuben sandwich wa greasy and had little meat . sweet potato fry were not edible . we ate at a table at the bar and told andy our bartender but got zero satisfaction . since we have had such a bad experience and no effort by the restaurant to remedy a bad meal , be warned !
this place is the bee is knee . i try to go here at least once a week . the food is great , the service is equally good ( i can only speak for the bar area ) . i get the pierogies appetizer . it is fried pierogies , lot of sauteed onion ( i mean , a lot ) , and sour cream with onion dip . amazing .
after feeling `` crowded out '' by the throng of people converging upon downtown and the north shore for the three river art festival this past sunday we decided to venture a bit deeper into the north side and give max is allegheny tavern a whirl . my partner ha been in the basement before for various work-related function , but i had never been there , despite driving by on numerous occasion . we easily found on-street parking and entered the restaurant . i immediately loved the decor in the entry room/bar area , and those pleasant furnishing continued into the more intimate rear room where we were seated . we enjoyed the beautiful wall tapestry , and i thought the old newspaper-like menu were pretty cool ! i wa surprised ( in a good way ) at the old-fashioned urinal in the men is room . in a city that ha struggled to nourish and revitalize it history over the year i wa already a fan of how unique max is wa in the regard of feeling `` authentic '' in an era of predictable chain . we were initially enticed by the prospect of ordering fried soft pretzel stuffed with cheese a a shared appetizer only to find out they were not available . we settled for the non-cheese-stuffed version , which were `` melt in your mouth '' good and were handsomely complemented by tangy honey mustard . we were a bit dehydrated after walking mile around the city , yet our waitress wa very attentive in consistently replenishing our water glass a soon a they were half-empty . i wa craving a burger but wa tempted instead by the fried fish sandwich , which i ordered with a side of potato pancake and applesauce . my partner ordered a fried chicken sandwich with the same side i did . our food arrived surprisingly promptly . my fish sandwich wa huge ! i had enough to take home and enjoy for a post-work meal the following evening . the fish tasted fresh , although i wa not a fan of having to pick small bone out of my mouth in exchange for enjoying that freshness . the bread it wa served upon wa tasty a well . the potato pancake were thick , fresh , and were delicious when enjoyed with the chunky applesauce . my partner also thoroughly enjoyed his own sandwich . a if this wa not good enough our check wa only $ 22 ! we will definitely be back soon , at which point i look forward to trying a burger !
i have a confession to make ... ... ..the thing i like most about max is is their bread ! ! ! they are free ... .they are fresh made ... .hot and soft ... different kind ... .and so so delicious ! i am not a big fan of german food , but it is just my personal taste . the portion are large and atmosphere is very relaxing and casual . i like it .
i work on the north shore and have heard many coworkers rave about max is . when i finally tried it , i wish i had not waited so long . entering max is is like going into your grandmother is living room . very welcoming and nostalgic.the menu is bigger than i expected with a variety of traditional appetizer and sandwich along with a large selection of german item . everything from multiple variety of schnitzel , sausage , chicken and a sampler platter that let you choose a combination of all of the above . all of the item we tried were full of flavor and served at the perfect temperature . speaking of being full , the food is very rich so you will leave with a full stomach . they have a good selection of beer and even offer a sampler option . the dessert selection looked delicious , but we were beyond stuffed so will have to savor them on a future visit . i can not wait to go back !
fyi : new happy hour special are awful . just awful . sorry guy , a much a i love you i have got to put my food down somewhere . even raising the price on all of the apps to 3.99 would have been better than taking the pierogie ( aka potato pocket ) special off all together . will not be back .
this is americanized german food . for real german food , go to hofbrauhaus and ask for a schnitzel .
i have been here once because this wa an easy place to meet for dinner with a friend . i enjoyed eating here well enough.i am honestly not a die-hard fan of german food , although i guess that would not have mattered : a peak at the menu beforehand revealed that this place is menu is mostly americanized - proof of this is the fact that my salad wa topped with french fry ( only in pittsburgh ... ) . trust me , even if you do not really like german food , there will at least be a sandwich you will like here.thinking about my usual `` overall '' summary , i have to say this place wa not bad and served a a reasonable place to meet - the beer menu looked nice from what i saw and the atmosphere wa pretty cozy and even nostalgic and homely - but man , the dining option really were not that extraordinary . i am still torn a to how to feel about it menu , because on the one hand obviously it being americanized meant even i could find something to enjoy , but on the other i feel bad for the people who do like german food and may not be getting what they hope for . it wa not bad enough that i will say do not try it and see - just understand it may not be exactly what you expect .
been coming to max is for year . very consistent . food is always excellent , beer is always cold.pastrami and swiss wa great , but the meal of pork and apple/raisin sauce wa out of this world .
i went to max is for the first time with my family a few week ago . i ordered the kielbasa sandwich with a side of kase spaetzle . the kielbasa on the sandwich wa topped with a serving of sauerkraut and served on a toasted roll . it wa your average kielbasa sandwich . satisfying , but nothing out of the ordinary.the kase spaetzle however wa noteworthy and delicious . it wa smothered in gouda cheese sauce and i love me some gouda ! i ate it all and i would have licked the plate if it were socially acceptable . a for the environment , the restaurant is housed in what look like what might of used to be a house back in the day . it had lot of little dining room . the decor wa kind of outdated , but i think that is what you will expect and it is part of the charm . the table were spaced a little too close for my liking , but it wa tolerable . overall , i will go back if invited , but i do not know if i will go again on my own .
first i will start off with the homemade beer . nothing spectacular , but it ha flavor and is very reasonably priced , a is the menu . i went with the potato pancake reuben . holy crap . probably the most filling meal i have ever ate , but it wa worth it . my boyfriend wa pretty happy he got to finish my leftover . the german potato salad i had for my side wa equally a good . it had a bit of a bite to it , which i really liked . i also had to try my boyfriend meal . he went with one of the wursts , but the exact name is escaping me . it wa made with veal , and wa so light and tender - yum . that will be my meal when we return . i can not believe it took me so long to eat here !
i have stopped going to max is for regular meal because the food is not so good but a friend like to go for sunday brunch.i find a good portion of the food is acceptable for the brunch , except the food is not kept hot or even warm on the buffet . cold kielbasi and sauerkraut is a turn off even though it would be great if it wa warmer . the chef that make the egg and omelet to order is really good and the sausage is the best . the bacon and the chicken need to be cooked a little longer a they are always half raw.so much of what they have would be good if it wa kept at least warm . since they have it in chaffing dish , i have found that the food come out cold from the kitchen . make you wonder just how safe the kitchen is .
brunch , brunch , brunch . max is serf an awesome sunday brunch buffet ! the omelet station is standard ( no egg white for you health-nuts ) and heavenly pastry will always await you along with potato pancake . i am not in love with their potato pancake , but being that max is specializes in german food , you have got to try at least one with their homemade applesauce.some of my rotating favorite on the buffet include red cabbage , egg benedict , and the farmer is breakfast . you can order off the menu during brunch if you are not in mood to gorge yourself on the buffet . no drink included with the buffet : ( but you can order them , of course.i love the decor at max is - it is an old house , and much of the furniture look like it wa in this house and just remained when it converted to a restaurant . max is location in old deutschtown on the north side fit it perfectly . they even offer a shuttle to heinz field on steeler game day ( small fee applies ) .
this is one of the only german restaurant i know of in the area . the meal wa good and reasonably priced . they also have a good beer selection on draft and in bottle . we had a party of 6 going for a 7:30 dinner on a thursday . bigger party tend to chat a little more and take longer in my experience . i felt like they were sort of rushing u out . that might be because they closed the dining room door and started vacuuming the front bar room while we were still finishing up our dinner . i am not sure if anyone wa eating out there but i am very happy we were not because it seems really gross to me to vacuum around food . this wa around 9:15 and i am pretty sure they serve until 10 . besides that , our service wa good and so wa the food . we all split the stuffed pretzel and potato skin a an appetizer . the pretzel are delicious , i could have eaten them all myself ! deep-fried and stuffed with cheese , yummy ! i ordered the chicken viennese and wa pleased with my meal . it came with a choice of two side and i went with a delicious sweet potato casserole and my favorite thing of the night : potato pancake . i prefer sour cream , but you can also get applesauce . yum yum yum get lot of potato pancake ! the chicken wa delicious and wa served over spaetzel , which wa just ok . i have had the kase spaetzel there before which is served in a cheese sauce and much better than the regular . there wa a variety of entree ordered from sausage platter to wiener schnitzel and everyone seemed pleased with their meal . you get a lot for your money and i will never turn down a chance to eat potato pancake !
why do i give this place 5 star ? finally authentic german food ! the service wa quite stellar a well , and it is old school charm is certainly a plus . but i can promise you you will not be disappointed with the authenticity of home cooked style german cuisine . i am from los angeles and we have nothing this good there .
5 star because i accept it for what it is . really good german comfort food with killer draft . and the fact that the place ha been there for forever make it super cool . i love the player piano and put a quarter in every time ! p . the popcorn at the bar is sooooooooo good too .
very good old school german american food ( nothing innovative here ) . wa here on a saturday night and the placed wa packed . really loved the cheddar cheese stuffed deep fried pretzel and the potato pancake .
this place is great for brunch on sunday ! the service is great and the food is delicious . i always leave stuffed and happy .
i ordered the roast pork loin with apple raisin dressing , sauerkraut , and german potato . oh yeah ... right choice ! took a little longer than usual a there wa a large party of 16 that ordered just prior to u . happy to say the waitress took great care of u , plenty of roll , drink refill , etc . a we waited . apple strudel for the final act . so good , i forgot to take a picture . lol
usually i pick a single item meal , usually one of the schnitzel meal . recently went with a sampler platter . really good way to get several different taste . always look forward for a meal here .
i really like this place . it ha a neat atmosphere where the entrance ha a nice bar and then there are a few other room that have the feeling of a living room or dining room . i really enjoy their brunch , but their pretzel are amazing . the one thing i do not like , which is a bit disappointing , is their potato pancake . they are a little lumpy and not quite fried enough . with that said , it is definitely worth the visit .
why you should trust my review : i am german . i have been to germany . i love german food . and german beer . the bar is awesome . wish we had more time just to chill and drink . but our waitress wa awesome , attentive and knowledgeable ! order a real beer . something on tap from germany . ( if not , i will give you dirty look from behind my coffee cup . ) what you should order : the sampler platter . pick three amazing entree , two awesome side . brilliant for $ 16.95 ... best deal on the menu . and if they have a meatball appetizer you want this . you do . so which entree : - schnitzel . whichever one you are drooling over . personally jager schnitzel is always best because god blessed the world when he made mushroom , and man praised god by making mushroom sauce . - leberkase . wow . this wa fantastic . it is like a cross between liverwurst ( but not made with liver ) and a meatloaf . fantastisch . - weisswurst . it wa good . i have had better and yes i know it a german faux pa to have weisswurst at any other time of day than a midmorning snack ... however . it wa still yummy and i happily moaned with each bite i consumed with mustard.so which side : - spaetzle ! buttery goodness . never had it or heard of it ? think little dumpling . in butter . e ist wunderbar . - sauerkraut ... they make theirs with sausage . what ? ! ja ... mmmmm . - potato pancake . you order these with applesauce . you hear me ? applesauce.what to avoid ... that is pretty harsh but they lost a star for a reason : - german potato salad wa too sweet and soupy . my great grandma is recipe put this to shame . - if you do not like mustard ( weirdo ) the sauerbraten ha a mustard sauce . i like it , but others do not . you have been warned.we walked here from the ballpark ... took about 15 minute . worth the walk both way and they treated u well despite me wearing a cardinal shirt in a foreign land.danke !
tremendous selection of german dish . all the sausage come from a particular manufacturer in wisconsin that us 100 year old method of making them ( according to the menu ) . i do not know if that is a good thing or not , but they taste terrific . the option for side are a plentiful a the moan dish and the hot bacon potato salad wa awesome . definitely recommend giving this a try .
max is is great . it feel like your german grandmother house and the service match this feeling . the food is authentic and inexpensive . if you are not too familiar with german food , just ask and the waitress will walk you though the favorites.i love the sausage and the stuffed pretzel are amazing , but the apple fritter is the greatest thing ever .
i have been coming to max allegheny tavern since i wa still in my mother is womb . but seriously . this place ha been an institution for my family , and i really love it here . i feel like this is some of the only german food in pittsburgh , and i think it represents fairly well . my thought : brunch buffet- i love the sunday brunch buffet more than life . omelette station , german and american breakfast and lunch food , and lot and lot of beautiful , delicious , and decadent dessert . it is heaven on earth . there is usually a decent selection of meat , and the potato pancake are almost always featured . they have changed it a bit over the year , but i still love this buffet.appetizers- my family love the soft pretzel . they are so yummy and buttery , but a bit heavy if you are going to eat your entire meal . so make sure to share.meals- i , personally , have never had a bad meal here . the sauasages of all variety have been great . the weinerschnitzel also great . sandwich all good a well . i really like the cheesy spaetzle dish that is just like macaroni and cheese but with spaetzle noodle ! i do not get too crazy and order anything complicated , though.sides- i love love love their side . i could live on the spaetzle and potato pancake . do not pas the side up ! dessert : also love their dessert . there is a chocolate chocolate cake that they heat up with homemade whipped cream that is to die for . not so shockingly , the apple strudel is wonderful a well.besides the food , the server are always very friendly and efficient . there is also ample street parking , which is really nice . definitley check this place out if you have not yet .
probably the best german restaurant in pittsburgh.there is nothing i like better than meat , it tie grain for the best food group in the pyramid ( i reject the plate ) . we got the sausage platter , bavarian stuffed pretzel , and the max is sampler platter . i am still drooling over their stuffed pretzel . i think what won me over a the basket full of bread . not only wa there a surplus of meat but also bread ? ? free ? indescribable happiness .
overall great german food ! i love the liver and onion above all else . the kase spatzle is delicious , and you can not eat at max is without an order of soft pretzel ! !
this used to be the best german food in town . i have seen a gradual decline in the food over the past several year . the gravy have changed and the max is goulash ( one of my favorite dish ) ha a different sauce ( strangely dessert sweet ) and change in the protein . the side are still great , but the food used to be so much better .
max is wa good , but i have had better.the restaurant is located in a tired part of town . it is not in a bad area , but i am not sure how i would feel eating there after dark . when you walk in you walk through the tavern portion of the restaurant , which is dark and gloomy . we were escorted to the rear of the tavern , which is covered in b & w picture from the 40 is , which give it a old world tired feeling.the menu choice were standard faire for a true german restaurant . i had max is goulash , which said it came with spaetzle , but it is piled in the bottom of the bowl and not on the side , which wa okay . the goulash wa too vinegary for my taste , but it wa okay.my wife is jaeger schnitzel wa good , but i have had better at da wald cafe ( http : //www.yelp.com/biz/das-waldcafe-newport-news ) .
old pittsburgh at it finest . this place is not trying to be anything other than what it is - an excellent old school german restaurant . the drawback with this restaurant is how crowded and loud it can be during the busy time . it is much nicer when it is not so busy . otherwise , the beer , food and service can not be beat !
visited max is last friday night with friend who will come in from out of town . a another reviewer described , the whole experience wa 'tired ' . service wa very good , however . i wa hoping for a more colorful , fresh decor , but everything look aged and washed out . i just got a very 'blah ' vibe a we walked back to our table , and it really had a bad impact on my appetite and perception . i had the wurst sampler platter and it wa okay . the potato pancake were dull ... i do not think there wa any salt in them . the cheese-stuffed pretzel were very good ! the following day wa the 2nd annual deutschtown music festival . the neighborhood is working toward revitalization , and i hope local business like max is will step up their game . i believe the investment will be worth it .
i have eaten at max is allegeny tavern multiple time . the food and service is allways great . it is a north side must .
my first real german food experience and i can not wait to go back . everything wa delicious . i had the max is sausage platter . loved it all . left nothing in my plate . i wa with a big group of people and no one took a doggie bag home . big menu . the restaurant ha this small down home feel to it . the bar is really pretty . great place .
best german food in the burgh . hand down . in the heart of deutschtown , pittsburgh is historically german/austrian enclave , this is real german cuisine- heavy , delicious and traditional.the schnitzel are amazing , and the brat are pretty good . max is is far and away better than the brewery or chain theme restaurant . the place is quiet , to be sure . if you are looking for dancer in lederhosen and want to sing drinking song , go elsewhere . this place is all about the food . and it is worth a trip .
great food . good beer choice . good service . what else is there ? a good a it get
this place is awesome . authentic , home-made german food that is extra delicious . really neat place too ! potato pancake are delicious . can not wait to go back . i would take out of town people here instead of church brew any day .
our first stop in pittsburgh , what a great start ! had a couple of yuenglings , a warm , salty yummy soft pretzel and a big ole plate of german goodness in da tummy ! the peasant platter had knock wurst , weisswurst and a pork chop on top of heap of sauerkraut ... with potato pancake , spaetzel and a basket of baked bread ! so.much.food . and oh soooo good ! the bar is cool , staff is really nice and i believe they offer their patron a free ride to and from on game day !
best german food i have ever had . hubby and i stopped here thinking we will just have a few beer and grab a bite to eat , but we were surprised to say the least . everything is made in house , which is enough to win me over . we started with the sausage and cheese plate , paired with the bread basket . homemade honey mustard , gouda , swiss , and the best kielbasa we have ever had the pleasure to bite into . just a we are polishing off our plate and rubbing our full stomach , our entree came . the schnitzel wa to die for , a wa the rabbit , both smothered in homemade mushroom gravy . the sauerkraut wa a perfect combination of savory and acidic . the potato pancake topped with homemade applesauce and some sour cream were just ... wow . i would definitely recommend getting the beer sampler , awesome deal and a great way to try all of their german beer without going overboard . we will be back , for sure .
i cant believe max is is going from 5 star to 2 star for me . understand , i loved this place . over the year we have had so many family dinner here including my sister rehearsal dinner , that it is almost become like eating at a relative house.but now that relative ha gone senile and need to go to a nursing home , and they can not cook anymore.for the past two year , every time we come here we say , `` this just is not a good a i remember . '' for starter , the food is always served cold . do not believe me ? i hope you enjoy tepid knackwurst and cold mashed potatoes.btw , to whoever make their mashed potato , you have to boil the potato before you mash them . yesterday they were undercooked , gritty , and gross.in fact , all of the food is becoming gross . my friend got the roasted beef and what came out looked like a cold cut covered with a congealed beef gravy that had bit of carrot in it . wtf wa that ? ? ? ? i am done . this place ha gone down hill . you need a new chef , immediately . max is is a north side institution but there are so many new , better restaurant opening up that they really need to up their game.ps -- thanks for the nausea and hurling about 6 hour after dinner .
this place is fantastic ! i happened to stumble upon it one night with some friend and what a wonderful place . the food is awesome ! we ordered a bunch of appetizer . they were huge portion and super tasty . i have been back several time since then and have not been disappointed yet . my favorite thing wa probably the pretzel ! ( mega yum ! )
this is my favorite place to go when i am in the steel city . the atmosphere is awesome and the staff is very friendly . the beer sampler and ruben is a solid choice but they also have a wide range of other option including hasenfefer and wiener schnitzel .
great food , great beer , always great service . this is my girlfriend is and i is favorite bar on the north side . consistently good and ha a very cozy atmosphere . get the stuffed pretzel !
always great german and regular food . much better than hofbrau haus . this is more authentic . they also have regular fare for those who do not enjoy german food . other than teutonia mannerchor , this is the most authentic german you will find in western pa . cool beer selection and a great sunday brunch . during steeler home game they offer a free shuttle to the stadium when you eat here first .
i love this place . the atmosphere , the bartender , the waitress and most of all the food . the potato pancake are delicious a are all their soup . i think there is something for everyone here . their dessert are all delicious . we eat here before most concert or sporting event .
the old arcade game wa excellent and only a few quarter to play.drinks nice enough .bartenders were really nice . nice enough place .
authentic german cuisine . love the schnitzel and the red cabbage
a tour of german restaurant in pittsburgh is surprisingly brief , and it definitely ha to contain a stop at max is . i prefer this place to penn brewery . the food seems a little more authentic and i have not had a bad meal here yet . love the potato pancake . every schnitzel i have tried ha been great too .
max is is one of my favorite restaurant in pittsburgh . it is the kennywood thunderbolt of pittsburgh restaurant . the thunderbolt is considered one of the best rollercoasters in the country . it is not the fastest , it is old , it doe not have the biggest drop or flip you upside-down . and yet it is great . it is classic . this is max is allegheny tavern . i am sure there is better german food with cuter waitress somewhere out there that doe not have the decor aesthetic of your grandma is living room . but who care . this place is just right.final note , i can not speak for the brunch buffet . i went in there for the buffet once and decided that my money would be better spent on the menu .
i have been going to max is since i wa a kid in 1973..was the best food then and now . introduced my wife to it and she is hard to please . she loved it so much that we had our wedding reception there in the ratskeller . can not recommend it enough
i was.very disappointed in the food . if you want bland tasteless food , then stop here . they need to get out of the 70 is with the decor.i ordered the corned beef and cabbage sandwich , it wa edible but not enjoyable . do not waste your money here there are much better choice
great german food do not know what all the other poster is are talking about . wife , daughter , and i were all pleased with the food ... the beer sampler wa great also.. i did not get sick , my food came out hotter than hell i had to let it sit to cool , and the wait staff wa excellent . we went on a friday night and it wa packed.. i expected worse for how crowded it wa ... we will be returning..
the bartender wa fantastic and the food wa even better ! i got the sausage sampler and it wa delicious . the sauer kraut and mustard were great a well .
one of my favorite north side haunt . great to take visitor who need to understand what it mean to be german in pittsburgh . get the soft pretzel . get anything that come with a potato pancake . get the kielbasa . get it all . you can not go wrong . oh , and the spaetzle . the spaetzle ... ... .
really cool and old school inside . the food is legit ! the potato pancake are good , the sausage and cheese app is simple and awesome ! the corned beef and cabbage sandwich wa great and definitely one of my favorite . we also did the sampler platter , consisting of wiener schnitzel , jagerschnitzel , and sauerbraten . everything overall is really good and pretty authentic . our server wa on her shit too ! great pre bus and we never had an empty glass . we came here because a friend came just yesterday for the first time and raved about it , i am glad we came , and we will definitely be back !
beware of the ketchup . my family ha always loved max is ; we have been going there since i wa a child , and my sister even had her rehearsal dinner there . so imagine my dismay when we tried brunch there today , and they gave me a botulism-filled bottle of ketchup that exploded black crud all over my shirt . then , they did not even do anything to make it up to me . the brunch wa also very sub-standard ; everything wa cold . not even the potato pancake tasted good . i have had better meal at the complimentary continental buffet at the holiday inn . but perhaps part of the meal wa also tainted by the fact that i could not get the thought of their negligence for food contamination out of my head . who know how long that sour cream had been sitting out ! i am really disappointed ; i had really enjoyed going to max is up to this point . do not think we will be back !
all the review are right on about this place ! authentic german food and brew , great bar in front if your just drinking . only complaint wa there wa a wire bristle thing sticking out of our pork loin . not sure how it got there and we did not say anything . large selection of brew here .
when you go to max is you sort of feel like you are stepping into cheer in the 1980 is , in a good way ! friendly staff who remember you and provide friendly , efficient service . great location for happy hour or casual business meeting . must try the stuffed pretzel ! have not had any of the dinner entree , but all of the appetizer are delicious .
i stopped by max is with some friend during the deutschtown music festival . the place wa packed , but we were quickly greeted and did not have to wait long for a table to open up . a quick look at the menu let u know that price were very fair.we tried the sausage and cheese sampler appetizer and it wa simplicity at it is finest - fresh , delicious sausage , rich cheese , and an excellent mustard for dipping . i wa really impressed with how such a simple appetizer could convey the quality of their food so well . delicious ! the entree were equally a tasty . i tried a turkey reuben which came on a potato pancake . obviously , this particular entree wa not the most traditional german faire , but , once you took a bite , there wa no going back . a variety of side were available ; i tried the spaetzle - also very simple , but delicious.overall , this is a great place - cozy vibe , excellent german food ( both traditional and more adventurous ) , and quick , friendly service . my only regret is not having room to try their tempting dessert . we do not get to the deutschtown neighborhood often , but we will have to make it a point to go back for max is allegheny tavern .
a great place to go for german food ! normally i absolutely love everything about the food here . my favorite item is the potato pancake turkey reuben sandwich , which is prepared with turkey and cole slaw . however , during this visit , the potato pancake were overcooked and the accompanying german potato salad wa served at room temperature . the fish sandwich wa large , hot , and delicious . it wa accompanied by sweet & sour red cabbage , which tasted great . the server wa quite pleasant and efficient , which is normally the case . i will definitely return to this restaurant , because the atmosphere is welcoming and the food is very good .
great german food . wonderful location in an up and coming neighborhood in pittsburgh . great attention to detail and to capturing the old world flavor of the menu , but no pretense - a friendly , family oriented and not overly expensive establishment . highly recommended . have a bite and walk over to pnc park for a ballgame - it is minute away . great place !
i freaking love this place ! really nice atmosphere ( like you are at your old german grandmother is house ) . i always go for the weiner platter with three different kind of wursts . potato pancake are a must . chunky apple sauce is great . best german food in pittsburgh ! ! !
i wa at max is last weekend . i am from chicago , so i wa looking forward to trying a german pub in the deutschtown neighborhood . our friend took u here , and i really enjoyed it ! the service wa great and very friendly . the beer selection wa awesome , and all the food wa delicious ! the menu is huge ! we ordered the soft pretzel appetizer and the sausage and cheese plate , and both were very tasty ! the mustard dipping sauce is phenomenal ! i could not get enough of it . i wish i had left room for dessert because everything sounded spectacular . the restaurant itself , which i heard used to be an old hotel , wa quaint and cozy . i enjoyed the historical element of the place ; all very authentic and special . i will definitely recommend this pub to anyone traveling to pittsburg !
a good selection of classic pittsburgh beer and tasty german cuisine . the service is pretty good and it is a great place to watch a pirate game .
max is is my parent ' favorite restaurant when they are in town visiting me . good , solid food with a great deal of [ german ] variety . i love the german beer flight ( i.e. , beer sampler ) and the atmosphere is funny - a bit like your grandmother is parlor . the bread that come with entree is delicious ( pumperknickel + others ) , and their cherry sauer kraut is delicious a well.the food is good , but you must be careful with certain dish . one of the schnitzel that come with carrots/peas is clearly bedecked in carrot & pea that were recently frozen . german food is not exactly known for it vegetable , so i let it slide but i always remember not to order that dish when i am there .
it is been over 5 year since i had been to max is but we were in the area at lunch time so we decided to stop in . the menu is big and printed on a newspaper . they have all kind of german food . i decided to order a reuben with a side of homemade chip . the sandwich came on rye bread that wa toasted . it had lot of sauerkraut , swiss cheese , and sauce with the meat piled high . it is one of the best reuben i have ever had . the chip were thinly sliced and very crispy . there wa no need for a dipping sauce , the chip were very good just plain . they had 3 or 4 dessert that looked good but i chose the german chocolate cake . it is one of my very favorite dessert . there were 3 layer of chocolate cake . in between the layer of cake there is coconut , chocolate , and pecan . the outside of the cake is frosted with a chocolate whipped frosting . it wa really good . i need to go back to try the veal .
frequent visitor . the place is definitely starting to slip food wise . had a turkey rueben that had about 1 slice of turkey on it and not much else.fries are always soggy these day . i will stick with the happy hour with half price apps . daughter had the schnitzel which she said wa very greasy which should not be the norm . my water glass had onion piece in the bottom of it . server wa good though . thank god for the staff .
came here with a large group of friend for dinner . they were great about the reservation we made for 12 and had a nice table in it own little room waiting for u when we arrived . i had the hefeweizen style beer , which wa good but had a strange taste and aftertaste to it , but it wa not so bad a i ordered a second one . for apps we had the bavarian nacho ( not great by any mean and actually very odd ... and cold ) , the stuffed fried pretzel and the red cabbage with sausage . the red cabbage here is amazing , and the pretzel wa fairly good with a honey mustard dipping sauce ... but i guess it kind of hard to mess up something thrown into a deep fryer and stuffed with cheese . for our entree i had their `` famous '' potato pancake reuben with side of red cabbage ( could not get enough ! ) and their house german potato salad - also very tasty . fiance had potato pancake , spatzel with cheese sauce and sausage . the spatzel wa not in a a creamy a cheese sauce a i would have hoped - it wa a bit oliy , not so much creamy . we were both a little underwhelmed sans the cabbage with the entire meal . i hate to say it - but i have had better authentic german style food at church potluck and even hofbrahaus ( in a comparison to the beer at hofbrahaus - these did just not stack up for me ) . i would give mat another go round to try some of their other offering - their schnitzel looked pretty good !
cozy down to earth atmosphere , cute to see familes of three generation sitting together for a friday night meal . the food itself wa ok but just a tad bit pricey . i thought my bavarian-style pretzel were a bit too heavy since they were deep-fried , and my friend is schnitzel platter with spatzle wa a bit low on salt . not a bad experience overall , but i might still rather go to penn brewery or hofbrau next time .
not a fan of this `` german '' place . simply awful . we ordered the potato pancake reuben and a traditional reuben . so much gristle in the meat . very low quality food for the price . the bar is cool , have stopped here in the past and enjoyed the atmosphere of the bar . bar yes.food/restaurant no .
best place in town . i love the sampler platter and sunday brunch is the best deal in town
authentic german fare . german beer . best soft pretzel in pittsburgh . reasonable price . friendly service . very fair portion size . you will be taking a box home . the basement is nice . but sometimes used for private event . ha a very cozy `` grotto '' feel to it .
i love max is but the food can be hit or miss sometimes . the staple on their menu are always good and time tested favorite but beware that special menu . there have been some epic dud on there that i wish i would have missed
one of my wife & my all-time favorite in pittsburgh . old-timey ambience , excellent beer selection , and fantastic ( and authentic ) german food option . very tasty and high quality food for a decent price . we go often and have never had a negative experience .
authentic german food . besides the standard fare one would expect , choice change daily . well prepared , properly seasoned .
my sister in law wa in town and we decided to get brunch . looked up local place and this had a good review ... though i have no idea how . the restarunt is small , the booth are tiny and the food wa nearly inedible . the only good part wa the bacon , which wa ok at best . avoid at all cost
i decided to treat myself to some authentic german food for lunch today . i recently spent a few week in germany and after being there , i feel i can vouch that max is is the real deal when it come to german cuisine . the interior ha the look and feel of what come to mind when thinking of a european pub . the staff is warm and courteous and the service is top notch . i got waited on promptly and lunch wa in front of me within ten minute of my ordering it . my meal today consisted of one of the item on the `` february special '' list . it wa breaded veal on a plate smothered in a brown mushroom gravy ( think jäger schnitzel and substitute veal for pork ) with hot german potato salad , sauerkraut and some homemade roll . delicious ! my only disappointment wa that i came here for lunch on a work day and could not include one of the german import thas wa on tap . they have ( notably ) hacker-pschorr weisse , hacker-pschorr munich gold , köstritzer schwarzbier , warsteiner pils . there is also yuengling lager and iron city product available on tap , but common , drinking a domestic while enjoying schnitzel or wurst simply make no sense to me . we are lucky to have such a fine german establishment in our city . genießen sie da essen !
max is is one of the best bar in town . i can not speak so much for the restaurant , but the food i order and have served in the bar area is great ! the service is always awesome . the bar atmosphere is solid . the bartender have a heavy pour . the stuffed pretzel are a must have ! i actually like the fact that the area ha not been revitalized because the atmosphere might change . so i will enjoy this place until that day happens !
i have not a single good thing to say about this restaurant . the service wa terrible , took 15 min to get a water . the nacho were terrible on store bought chip with raw onion and green pepper on them and very little meat . we ordered the turkey reuben that tasted funky on day old potato pancake . we also ordered max is famous reuben , nothing famous about it . extremely light on the corn beef . nothing special at all . will never go back .
very convenient to north side visitor , it is within walking distance of several major motel , hotel , and b & b . max is is famous for it is wurst and indeed the weisswurst is the best dish : iconic , simple , and satisfying . the beer sampler is a great partner to the weisswurst . combined , the diner , whether they are visitor or not , feel like they have experienced a staple of pittsburgh local . thus with this wurst and beer combo , arguably , one of the most famous pittsburgh dish is now at your fingertip . furthermore , if you want to take the next step in your pittsburgh eating experience , max is again ha you covered with the hasenpfeffer , or rabbit dish . an ode to the deep german root of pittsburgh is north side , this traditionally rural , hunter is dish is served at max is breaded and with gravy on top and with two side : this reviewer recommends potato pancake , spätzle , or substitute the einlauf soup , which go well with the dark pumpernickel bread served table side . while the meat is thick and tender , the breading conceals the possibility of herb and spice , which if they do exist , can not be detected . additionally , the hasenpfeffer is a little pricey since you pay for the uniqueness ; it is often only a dinner item a well . finally , an iron city beer may be the best way to cap off a pittsburgh north side german dining experience at max is bar : a place where many a long hard day ha been passed knocking back a cold one . cheer and enjoy !
the deep-fried , cheddar-stuffed pretzel are the single best appetizer in pennsylvania . especially paired with the kostritzer schwarzbier . any of the sandwich are going to satisfy your tastebud and your appetite , for like $ 7.00 . max is ha the best potato pancake ( and best applesauce to pair with it ) that i have ever had . that includes my wife is .
incredible value withemost authentic environment . potatoe pancake rubens and a player piano for bar run and a breakfast buffet for the kid can not go wrong .
my family rented out the bottom room for our engagement party . it turned out great ! everyone loved the german cuisine . our server wa very nice and helpful . the room wa clean and spacious for our 50 guest . definitely be back again !
the only authentic german place i have found in pgh . it is true german food from start to finish without a bunch of americanized item snuck on the menu . they offer about 8 variety of schnitzel , and they are all very good . the applesauce and kraut are excellent , although i find the potato pancake a little on the bland side . i guess just heap a bunch of applesauce and sour cream on them . the dark interior with wonderful old picture on the wall , give the feel of what a european place would be like . waitstaff is professional , friendly and efficient . price are very reasonable considering the amount and quality of the food .
it is just like being back in some small town just outside of munich ... if i will ever actually been to some small town just outside of munich ! it is not the touristy disaster that is hofbrauhaus , nor do they serve beer in hefty pint like penn brew . rather they just serve really good authentic german food , with a small selection of imported german beer . wunderbar !
my daughter took my sister and i there for mother is day lunch on saturday . i got the spinach salad with kase spatzles . the salad wa to die for . my daughter got one for herself and one for her husband to take home . the dressing wa delicious and there wa ton of mushroom and bacon on it . the spatzles were also very good in a cheesy sauce . there wa some to take home also . we also got some potato pancake which were pretty close to the one my mother used to make . at the end of our dinner , we split a piece of banana cake which wa the highlight of the meal . it wa a two layer cake covered with a not too sweet icing and banana . it wa just enough for all four of u to split . i will definitely go back for the exact same meal . and this time , i will be bringing a spinach salad home for the next day for me . our waitress wa very attentive and treated u very well .
great little find in pittsburgh ! bartender waited on u before the lunch crowd arrived . he tour guided u through the local favorites.beers on tap were served in mason jar . food wa prompt and fresh . i will definitely be in again .
sunday brunch is such a great deal and so filling . some people do not like the potato pancake but to me they are fab . highly recommend .
this is a must on our visit to the burgh . love the atmosphere and the food is delicious . our family ha come to max is over 4 generation . the pierogies are fantastic and honestly , i do not think i have ever had a bad meal here . lot of great german/polish selection and totally worth the trip .
our first time at max is and we have made plan to go back again soon . a lousy rainy saturday had u looking for a new place to have a late lunch . we ordered the potato skin app . and tho it took a little too long to get to the table it wa worth the wait . we were enjoying the ambiance and decor of this great old building . the skin were perfect . gouda cheese with nice crisp bacon and chive . so delicious ! we like to order so that we can share with each other . my husband love potato pancake so he got the pp reuben . the pot . cake were bland but a little s & p fixed that up . tender corned beef and the slaw wa a perfect side . i chose the bavarian club . never before tasted braunsweiger . it wa so delicious i did not want to share ... but i did . i had to try the sauerkraut for a side . and it wa fantastic with chunk of pork mixed in ! i can not believe we managed to eat everything even the potato skin . but it wa all so delicious we could not stop . can not wait to go back . i have to try the spätzle and the goulash ! !
the sausage is good . the mashed potato and german potato ( side ) are definitely not homemade . service wa friendly , which made up for the cafeteria quality food .
worst . dinner . ever . food from a senior citizen home . everything ready in 2 second because it sat under a heat lamp . avoid at all cost .
i have only ever ordered from this place but honestly it wa the worst german i have ever had . goulash wa unidentifiable a any i have had , bitter flavor a well . potato pancake taste like they had vinegar in them . horrendous .
i am not super adventurous when it come to trying new meat , but everyone who ha tried the hasenfeffer ( sp ? ) say that it is over cooked . this is rabbit . i do not eat rabbit- not knowingly anyway.the ambience is very cool . one of my favorite thing about pittsburgh is little historical place like this . i had spätzle and cheese . it wa just okay . i mean , it is hard to mess up anything you melt cheese over . i also ordered the flight of german beers- and this i would recommend.service wa decent . our waitress wa kind and helpful , but we were seated at a table that wa too small to accommodate our selection . i had to give away most of my salad when my meal arrived because there wa just not room for it on the table . the area is sketchy and probably not safe to linger around at night . admittedly i am not in that area often , but it is a shame because it is got a lot of culture .
max is is my happy place . here is why:1 . awesome happy hour . dutch club dark draft ( plus others ) starting at $ 2.50 , plus half price appetizer . fried provolone , potato pocket , wing , deep fried pretzel , sausage and cheese plate ... all are amazing . 2 . sunday brunch buffet , under $ 14 and better than grand concourse . every week there are omelette , potato pancake , waffle , sausage , bacon , pastry , and german farmer is breakfast ( egg , german potato salad , and assorted sliced german sausage all mixed together , so basically the best thing on earth ) . there are rotating entree , also . a long a they are vaguely german/american , they are great . 3 . the goulash , which is under $ 10 and come with a salad ( hot bacon dressing ) plus assorted roll with apple butter and sweet/sour cabbage.4 . free popcorn at the bar.5 . the best waitress . ever .
this place ha the best beef lo mien i have tasted in pittsburgh . they cook to order so your food is fresh and is not sitting out under a heat lamp . my friend say the hot and sour soup here is the best she is tasted a well . i like their pork egg roll but it is pretty different from others . it is mainly vegetable ( cabbage i believe ) and pork . their egg drop soup is pretty decent.i can not say i am impressed with their other dish . i have had curry chicken , shrimp fried rice , chicken soup , shrimp egg roll . they were definitely edible just no where near a flavorful a the beef lo mien . the chicken soup wa horrible . it wa bland and the noodle were lo mien noodle . fried rice were ok but i have had much much better at other place . they have a huge menu though so it will take some time to go through them.the obvious bad thing about this place is it is in a ghetto neighborhood . it is probably not worth making a trip out there but if you are in the neighborhood , i will say give it a try . they are cheap and they give you ton of food . it is cook to order so wait time might be a little long . you can call in and order a well . not everything on the menu is the best but they have a huge menu to choose from .
got take out from this place on the weekend . ordered kung pao chicken , steamed dumpling , and pork egg roll . i wa really hungry so it hit the spot , but there wa not that many chicken piece in my kung pao chicken - a lot of peanut ( a expected ) and a whole lot of celery and carrot ( aka filler ) . so i wa a bit disappointed in that . the steam dumpling were good , especially when fresh and hot . the egg roll wa tasty a well - i did not find it too oily . very affordable and a generous portion - i had the leftover the next day .
i am taking away a star because they do not deliver . if china taste delivered i could easily see myself eating from here weekly . this is a hole in the wall in a seedy neighborhood but i just can not get enough.the chinese food is some of the best i have had . typically get the hunan shrimp or schezwan shrimp with a side of pork fried rice . the shrimp are big and taste fresh not frozen . large and cooked perfectly and the veggie are always crisp and not soggy and over done . also we have had the sweet and sour chicken and general tso is chicken . although the restaurant is tiny and a little run down the food is very good.all the entree i have ever had were served pipping hot . the restaurant is really nothing pretty and there are a total of 3 table . the restaurant is tiny . if you are passing through the northside check this place out .
i work on the north side and went for a walk to find something new for lunch . i am quickly growing tired of eco bistro directly downstairs from my office at allegheny center.at any rate , came across this place at the corner of ohio and the onramp to 279 . the lunch special wa inexpensive and grabbed a soda for about $ 6 in all . i had the kung pao chicken and it wa prepared to order . tasty , cheap , fast . i ate inside - there are only a handful of table in this place and it is decently clean .
this is what i look for in a take-out place . good food , large portion , fair price . a already stated , they do not deliver . service wa fast though , and i will definitely go back .
great chinese food for a cheap price . just checked this place out tonight a i live nearby , def will be going back again . a noted in other comment , no delivery is a bummer .
it is hard to find a good chinese place . this is a good chinese place ! the price are awesome and the food is spectacular ! the crab rangoon are under $ 5 and will leave you completely full ! this place is great for satisfying that late night chinese food craving !
although i am not a huge fan of chinese food , i will admit that china taste is serving up some very yummy chinese food on the north side . although the storefront is a bit drab , do not let that deter you from stopping in and picking up some food . on a recent rainy saturday afternoon , my boyfriend and i made our way over to grab some food . we placed our order. , paid and returned about 10 minute later to pick up the grub.i wa in the mood for wonton soup and wa not disappointed . delicious , hot broth with a plentiful amount of wonton wa promptly devoured . my boyfriend ordered two different beef and vegetable entree , which were accompanied by white rice . i tasted some of his meal and agreed with him that it wa very , very tasty.china taste wa so good that we ended up stopping back later in the evening after we hit up the casino . i again ordered the wonton soup ( although this time a whole quart ) . he ordered a quart of the chicken and broccoli . again , super yummy.yep - the place is a whole in the wall , but the employee ( the same were there both time ) seemed pleasant . plus , you can not beat the price for what you get . it is redic cheap.stop in the next time you are in or near the north side area .
i think the food wa really , really , really good for the price . the appetizer we got , boiled dumpling , were especially yummy . the general tso is chicken wa not the best i have ever had but certainly wa not bad at all . the egg roll wa really good too . my mom picked up the food and she said it wa kind of divey inside but that doe not really matter to me . the food wa great and it wa quick , and cheap .
followed the advice of my fellow yelpers , gave this place a shot , and i wa not disappointed . my fiancé and i moved to the area a little le then two year ago and up until now , we have been unsuccessful in finding our neighborhood go-to spot when it come to chinese . this is it ! it is inexpensive and tasty . it not overly salty like some chinese take out tends to be .
i really enjoy china taste , and if they delivered i will give them 5 star . they are quick , and a perfect spot for when you are craving american chinese food . it is nothing fancy , and i would not eat in store but it make for a great take-out place .
i have not eaten or drank here , but a mechanical mishap on a recent bike ride brought me hobbling ( tight cycling clothing and all ) into here in search of a crescent wrench . the owner left the bar , went home , grabbed a wrench for me , and offered to call up the road to his buddy who own an auto shop in case my repair did not hold.that is a real pittsburgh class act . kudos . will come back and buy a bunch of beer .
disappointed . these guy do unlimited $ 5 wing in tuesday , and their sauce are great ; but this is the second time i have been here that they have run out , this time by 8pm , and i did not even get started ! hope they get this figured out soon : i am hungry ! !
the food just is not impressive . we ordered wing and the flavor just is not there , and they are very tiny . however , the service wa friendly and the beer/drinks are cheap ! very laid back/dive bar atmosphere . there is a pool table and `` fake '' slot machine , which i have never actually seen !
amazing sandwich . huge portion , great ingredient all very fresh . joe & dolly is sandwich shop is a classic . i suggest the corned beef , roast beef or pastrami . inexpensive and quick . great for lunch .
great sandwich ... the madison st. is my quintessential go-to when nothing else will do . this place truly classifies a a dive or hole in the wall but once you have a sandwich here you will bring your friend back again and again . the hot sausage is incredible too .
first time customer today . it is truly a dive but the sandwich are great . large portion , fresh bread and cheap ...
friendly staff , good food , large portion , very affordable . do not pas up on this place just because it small .
i somehow discovered this place when searching for sandwich place to enjoy with a friend . how i have never noticed it when walking by it on east ohio street , not 10 minute from my house , i will never understand . maybe because the entrance is set back from the sidewalk a bit , so it look dark ( i.e . possibly closed ) when you first walk by . or maybe because it is overshadowed by the isaly is next door . please , i beg of you , fellow yelpers , do not ignore this place any longer ! please note , a other reviewer have , that north shore deli is cash only . but believe me , you will not need much . they do have a website that really just list the sandwich they offer and their hour or see my photo of the menu board showing the sandwich available ( all named after local street ) . it wa difficult to decide on just one sandwich . but after reading the few review here , i decided to go with the hot sausage . when i first arrived , the meat wa still cooking . i did not mind , i told the gentleman i would return and took a stroll over to priory for some sweet treat for later . when i returned , i wa the only patron there but wa greeted again and friendly small talk ensued . i opted for a side of macaroni salad a well . when i got home and unwrapped my sandwich , i wa surprised by the hot sausage that looked like it wa exploding at both end . and that it wa , my friend . exploding with flavor , that is . the end were crispy and delicious and the sausage wa just hot enough that the macaroni salad wa the perfect cool salad compliment . i guarantee you , this is only the first of many visit .
the hot sausage is the best i think i have ever had ... i know that is a very bold statement , but i stand behind it ; - ) this place ha been in the same location for like 30 year , so they are doing something right ( and with no advertising ! ) . love the sidewalk stand-great if you do not have a lot of time for lunch ( & you can pay outside ) . my only suggestion would be for them to sell extra sauce ( extra .50 , maybe ) with the hot sausage . otherwise , this spot is awesome & the people are super friendly : - )
the best sandwich at amazingly great price ! the man who owns this is super nice and so helpful ! one sandwich feed 2 adult and will fill both of you up . the closest thing to a new york deli in this area . go in here once and you will be hooked .
you really need to try is this place . great sandwich , a hot dog/sausage cart , and friendly service !
what a great price $ 6.85 for a 12 inch hoagie ! ! no shortage of beef on this sandwich ! here in the burg you can get steak hoagy just about anywhere . this is one of my favorite staple hoagies.. this may not have been the `` best '' but it wa up there - nice solid sandwich . the bread wa fresh too . thank you north shore deli ! !
5stars for what it is ... great sandwich , amazing qual/quantity for the price , and good hometown friendly service . each sandwich ( named after pgh street ) is freshly prepared . they slice the meat immediately after you order so you may have a short wait . pickle spear come w/ each sandwich . the sandwich are large , so go hungry and do not worry about breaking the bank ( $ 6- $ 7 avg . ) .
probably the best traditional sandwich shop in the city . great price , fresh meat and condiment . my good friend turned me on to the place a while back and the folk who run and own the place are very friendly . carl made me a special - hot capicola , provolone , fried egg , coleslaw and mayo on chewy italian bread . outstanding . it wa of considerable heft , i have to add . my buddy had a reuben and an italian hot sausage sandwich . truly epic sandwich . his son help on the counter too - 3rd generation business . please go !
such a great deli . the food is fresh and delicious . the portion are plentiful . the service is always with a smile . they have an outdoor grill serving hot dog and sausage . the aroma make you hungry a you walk by ! i have had several of their different sandwich . my favorite ? the turkey sandwich and their braunschweiger ! do not pas this place by !
love this place . best deli in the city and one of the best sandwich shop a well . sandwich are incredibly fresh and are huge . by far the best hot sausage sandwich around .
my husband and i stayed here for a weekend getaway . what a neat place ! it is a european style hotel ( read very nice but smaller room ) . it used to be a monestary back in the day . built around the turn of the century , it ha neat large old molding and furnishing . owner wa very nice , offer complimentary wine in the evening and good full continental breakfast . all of that for only $ 135 a night ! a short ride from everything . includes free parking .
i wa so lucky to stumble upon the priory ! i came to pittsburgh for a conference . the westin at the convention center wa booked , so i had to find alternative lodging and came across this place . i love this hotel . the historic building is beautiful . the bed are comfortable . the staff are very friendly and helpful . they have a wonderful free continental breakfast in the morning . it is near bar and restaurant , a nail salon , and a grocery store ( i wa surprised to find that beer is not sold in grocery store in pennsylvania . luckily , you can buy a variety of chilled beer at the front desk , which is open 24 hr ) . the local pizza place delivers until 2 am . it is walking distance to the andy warhol museum . also , it is only a 2 minute drive from the convention center and much cheaper than the westin . i paid $ 105/night . the tv wa very small and the water pressure wa weak , but everything else exceeded my expectation .
we love the priory ! i do not remember how we found this place , but i feel so lucky we did . a beautiful restoration of a lovely old building , the priory is a comfortable , tasteful , beautiful hotel in a convenient part of the city . we found the staff to be very friendly and accommodating , plenty of help and advice for weary holiday traveler , always delivered with a smile . we will return to the priory .
i really wanted to like this place . great review and a renovated priory -- what a great idea ! the picture on the website are beautiful.we found a grumpy old man at the front desk , and he could not have been le interested in our arrival . it felt like we were disturbing him to ask for our room key . but the fun started when we returned later in the evening . we found the rollaway we had requested ( and paid for ) not present , and i went back down to the old gentleman . he stared at me and then went back to pecking at his computer . i waited . suddenly he looked up at me and started yelling , something to the effect that there wa not anything that he could do , and that he would see if someone could do something but probably not . he also angrily admitted that the reservation did show the rollaway.i slunk away with my guest who had by now come down , too , embarrassed and insulted . it should not be this way . if this is personalized service , i will rather stay at a motel.even without grumpy old man , there is nothing special about this place . the room were ok , but the bathroom tiny ( i guess they should be called showerrooms ) . everything else wa sub-par . the dining room breakfast wa served in wa tacky and the coffee awful . we did not dare try the free wine . the hotel is in a bad neighborhood.for the money , find a special at the william penn on the omni hotel website . if you want a boutique hotel , try the inn on the mexican war street -- a beautiful building with friendly owner just across from the national aviary and that beautiful park . the priory doe not feel boutique and is not worth the hassle.priory , get grumpy old man out of a customer-facing role .
the hotel itself is really beautiful ... the room wa large.. i believe we had a king bed . there did seem to be mold ? on the ceiling.. which we told them about just giving them a head up and they said it wa something else.. okay ... water damage and then black stuff around it.. not mold ? the neighborhood is kinda sketch . i do not think it is worth the 200 and some dollar we paid for a night . ouch . the location is pretty nice.. not too far from much.. about a 5 min drive to downtown
my wife and i stayed at the priory when we went out to pittsburgh for superbowl weekend . the hotel is beautiful inside and out . we do not normally stay in nice hotel , so we were surprised by how nice it wa , especially the extremely comfortable king-sized bed . it made for the perfect romantic getaway in a hectic weekend filled with bar , party , and souvenir shopping on the strip.there are some thing you should know before you book at the priory , however . the hotel is right across the street from a housing project . there is not enough parking , especially if the grand hall is hosting a wedding when you arrive . if you get a room that is street-adjacent you may be woken up by sound like people talking or shoveling the sidewalk . overall , none of these thing bothered me that much ( aside from getting woken up by the snow shoveler , but i suppose that wa better than cracking my head on an icy sidewalk later ! ) . however , if you are the type of person who get easily annoyed at minor inconvenience or get uncomfortable around lot of african-american , you may want to stay at the doubletree or westin or something . if you are looking for a charming boutique hotel and you are not afraid of being on the north side , you should definitely check out the priory .
such a cute hotel ! i like to find non-chain hotel , but sometimes that can be scary ... the priory wa great ! lot of character , not at all scary , very clean , modern , comfy - all the thing you want in a hotel . well - the bed could be more comfortable . it amazes me that hotel review rarely mention the bed . to me , that is the most important part . the bed : too hard , for one thing . the linen were great , very soft , and the comforter wa perfect - light but warm . however , the headboard wa only loosely connected to the bed and - well , let is just say noisy.we only stayed one night , so can not expand too much . breakfast did not look too appetizing , so we went elsewhere . the stair are very squeaky but you can not hear them inside the room . the elevator is great . the bar wa nice - small , but a great place to stop for a nightcap on your way back in for the evening . i had made some specific request - away from the elevator , not facing the street , etc . - they fulfilled all of them . i love it when a hotel pay attention ! we would absolutely recommend the priory !
one thing pittsburgh is not known for , but should be , is turning old church into business , home and even bar ( gasp ! ) . most of the church are so beautiful that it is such a great use of space . this is no exception , a it is just so unique inside ! if you are looking for that nontraditional hotel that is not a marriott or hilton , this is the place you will want to stay ! it is fashioned like a european boutique hotel , plus all the amenity you will be looking for like wifi , a shuttle and continental breakfast ( score ! ) . it is also a really lovely place to have an event . for smaller event you can rent out specific parlor is for a reasonable cost and you are able to bring in your own caterer . i really like this option because you are not boxed into one choice that may be out of price range . if i would have gotten married in pittsburgh , this would definitely have been my first choice for the reception . the grand hall is just gorgeous ! it ha the original church organ and stain glass window . when it is all dressed up for the event it is just a stunning place for a magical affair ! the northside of town , where it is located , ha walkable access to the andy warhol museum , the mattress factory museum , the child is museum , the national aviary , the carnegie science center , pnc park ( home to the pirate , go buck ! ) and heinz field ( home to the stillerz , a we call them in the burgh ) . some are farther than others , but there is always the shuttle if it is in our frigid winter season . in the summer , go for the walk so you can take in the sight ! there is also a lot of cute restaurant and bar on east ohio river boulevard , which is two street up from the hotel . my suggestion would be bistro to go and bistro soul , rita is italian ice ( personal fave ) or the priory bakery for dessert ! there is also legend north shore not far on e. north ave. about two street up from e. ohio and amani coffee shop and cafe for a quick stop for coffee or a great panini for lunch . it is really a fantastic time to go in the summer because everything is within walking distance . plus they have a great farmer market in the park right along e. ohio and they have kayaking in the park right by the aviary . the big kayaking organization , venture outdoors is right under the 6th st. bridge next to pnc park . you are able to kayak around the three river for only $ 15 an hour ! it is a great way to see the city ! this is your place for one unique stay , i would not steer you wrong !
we stayed here and wa initially disappointed -- being new to town , our first impression wa that pittsburgh wa a very very bad town full of homeless and degenerate ( the area , i find out later , is one of the worst spot in the city ! ) . the hotel is located across the street from a housing authority building . project ? ugh . great . then we were put into a `` historical '' room that wa similar to that of a rundown cheap apartment -- old shower stall , moldy threadbare carpeting , lumpy squeaky bed . i find out an hour later ( after freaking out about the lo-end aspect of this room ) that they have new room that were just recently renovated . i asked to see the room , and then ultimately change to that room -- for a fee , of course . about 50 % more expensive . but i pay more because no way would i be able to exist in this old `` historical '' creepy room . finally , a regular room -- the `` renovated '' room wa similar to that of an acceptable hotel room . why even keep this historical , old , dingy , dirty room ? do they figure unsuspecting people who do not know any better will just accept it b/c they have no other choice ? ? i slept well in the `` new '' renovated room , and would have been freaked out all night in the old room . what a difference . actually , the bed and linen were very , very comfortable . the bathroom wa nice and clean . the room wa what i expected a hotel room to be ... not high end four season , but not cheap and nasty either . the hotel obviously had availability of the new , renovated room , so why put u in an old , unrenovated , ugly old apartment looking room ? if they believed in upgrading , then they would have at least gotten repeat business ! ! for those who are going to book here , pay more for the new room , or go somewhere else . the option of staying in the old room should not be an option at all . i do not think i will ever go back here if i ever go back to pittsburgh . i will stay at a chain hotel -- marriot or whatever . what is money except a mean to be comfortable and live ? i will spend more next time.breakfast wa `` eh '' . it wa free -- small station of some fruit , cheese , small pastry , cereal , yougurt and two hot item : sausage + bacon . oj , cranberry , milk and coffee also available . honestly , i felt like i wa in college , and watching my penny ( poor ) , staying here ...
we have stayed here twice during recent trip to pittsburgh , and while the city itself is a bit hit and miss , the priory is always comfortable and welcoming . a great place to escape after a long drive or a stressful drive around the maze of road and traffic that make up pittsburgh.each room is pretty unique and always well appointed and very clean . the staff are friendly and helpful with whatever you might need and it is an easy drive to most of the attraction around town .
even though the priory is flanked by some questionable area , my stay wa more than adequate . with friendly staff , low key dig and a pretty tasty breakfast buffet , i will certainly stay there again . each room is unique , but during my stay , i resided in a king room , # 303 and found the following : -comfy bed with plenty of pillows-lack of outlet ! the only reachable outlet in the open wa in the bathroom . all other outlet were buried under desk , behind nightstands/the bed or inaccessible . -a mini fridge , robe and handful of hangers-nice , moderately sized lg flatscreen with a myriad of channels-small but clean workout room with a treadmill , elliptical machine , bike , small selection of free weight and a few weight machines-free wifi-teeny-tiny shower in which i practically had to contort myself to shave my leg ( and i am just shy of 5'2 '' ) -comfortable desk with an under desk surge protector/strip of outletsthe prioriy is super unique but still feel very quiet and church like ... in a good way !
i liked this hotel , but it is something of a mixed bag . would i stay there again ? yes , but be sure you have a car and are okay with gritty cities.pros : beautiful room . we stayed in the historical side and had a very nice if not very large room ( queen ) . some reviewer said they had a mini-frig . note that not all room have those.breakfast wa nice during the week . hotel wa clean.awesome , fantastic courtyard . you can eat breakfast out there if the weather is nice . con : location . this is not a nice neighborhood . but you can walk to the strip district , the warhol museum , and the stadium . each room is different . it is a bit like playing the lottery.very small shower.breakfast wa le on sunday , a they rely on local bakery . it is a true continental.you get yelled at for bringing your own alcohol onto the property . yeah , we thought that wa weird , too . no mention of it on the website , but they do not want you to bring your own drink into the courtyard .
located in a kinda run down neighborhood , but worth it to stay in such a unique cool place . everyone that work here is very friendly . right after checking in and going up to our room , i noticed it smelled like stale smoke ( even though this is a non-smoking hotel ) . they immediately switched our room , in fact they upgraded u to a much larger king room . not bad at all for a free breakfast with a small but nice selection of meat , cheese , and fresh fruit . the kind gentleman who work in the kitchen/tends to the breakfast buffet even went in the back and found u some water cracker for the brie , upon request .
stayed here for several day during a very rainy time . the hotel is great , very charming , and fun to stay at . definitely not your typical chain hotel , a it is an old-style mansion.the continental breakfast wa delicious , the hotel staff wa very friendly and helpful , the amenity were wonderful ( fast wifi ! ! ) . like others said , it felt more like you were part of a fun community due to the interaction with the staff , the small great bar downstairs , and the welcoming atmosphere . the fitness center wa well equipped a well , and there wa a great complimentary shuttle . the driver would not only take u to restaurant , but would suggest other cool place to visit . overall i could not recommend this more . the only `` negative '' is the area where it is doe not have many other fun place - but they are a short drive away .
the only reason why i did not give 5 star is that the area is slighty sketchy . there a small grocery store on the corner , & i hated walking by it bc people would hang out outside . they do have a free shuttle ! they have excellent customer service besides matt or something . he wa grumpy . our driver hank or something wa amazing ! soo sweet . we even sent my chocolate from hawaii to thank him . the room wa good size . bed frame wa metal so it wa outdated a little . our tub would not drain like it wa a bit clogged . free breakfast buffet . i loved the steeler fan we met there . it wa our first time in pittsburgh and we had a blast !
our friend gave u a gift card from bedandbreakfast.com so we chose to use it at the priory on friday night for our weekend in pittsburgh . they had a spring special on there website that wa not listed on the bedandbreakfast site so i wa not sure if it wa option but i called and they were more than happy to book the room for the special rate . the outside and the inside both had a lot of old world charm an our room wa beautiful . we explored some and found a cute outdoor patio and the front of the hotel had a small bar called monk . after dinner we hit monk is for a drink and the bartender gave u some recommendation for what to see while we were there when he found out we were out of town . the next morning a breakfast of meat , cheese , and pasteries were served and it wa delicious . we both truly enjoyed our stay and if we ever visit pittsburgh again , i can see u staying here .
great european style boutique hotel . you can not beat this hotel for the money !
this is a nice historic euro style hotel in the middle of the city . an old catholic church converted into a hotel . the room are small but well appointed . a very small bar opened only from 5 pm to 10pm . the breakfast buffet wa acceptable . very near several eatery and pub , but i am not sure it is a safe neighborhood to wandering around in . they do offer free shuttle service to and from restaurant and the convention center . some of the staf were friendly , some were surly .
wa at a beautiful wedding . staff wa terrible , unpleasant , and the two slob at the front desk need to be in the back with their people skill . nice hotel but make sure you take some warm body with you because the `` people '' at the priory are cold , miserable and just plain miserable . i get better guest service at holiday inn
i wa very specific when i made my reservation several month ago . i needed a non-entrance level room away from noise . we were given a room right off of the hotel foyer . it is mid-night and a party rage just outside my door even though i have called the front desk asking for their assistance . right now i would prefer to be in a motel6 . this room wa relatively not cheap , it should have at least been cut-rate given out only a a last resort . the next time i am in pittsburgh it will not include a stay at the priory , which is a shame because besides this issue it is a nice place . but if you are considering staying at this hotel why take the chance . while the party continues and i am getting no help from the front desk i am tempted to lower my rating to a single star . but , hey , i can always catch up on my sleep tomorrow night .
i have attended two wedding here . both have been amazing . the facility is really nice . the bathroom are nice.where this place shine is the food . the food i have had at the wedding ha been amazing . the steak are well prepared , the chicken is awesome , and the mushroom entry for vegetarian is amazing . both wedding cake ( vanilla and red velvet ) have also been awesome.i do not know anything about price , but i really enjoy attending wedding here .
ended up here since for some reason all the major hotel on the north side were booked . overall this is a solid option if that happens to you , but probably would not make a point to stay here otherwise.nice staff , fairly easy walk to north side or across the bridge but a others have mentioned it is not in a great area . literally `` on the wrong side of the track '' . i live in a similar area in philly so it did not bother me a much but can see this being an issue for others . i also walked the whole time and did not use the shuttle so that is an option a well , but did hear others waiting a while to that just to go to pnc park which i simply walked to myself in 10 minutes.it is definitely an old place , so you could see that a `` charm '' or simply a old . again , not a bad place at all but nowhere i will miss if i stayed elsewhere .
we chose this hotel because of the recommendation we read on-line . the hotel is certainly very unique . we were in pittsburgh to see a pirate game . our original plan were to walk to the game but we did not feel safe enough in that neighborhood to walk.the room we stayed in wa small but comfortable . the bathroom wa nice sized but the shower stall is much too small . the toilet seat wa very loose , so , i had to tighten it . also , the in room coffee service wa not good.the shuttle driver wa terrific and very accommodating.the continental breakfast buffet wa terrific and nicely displayed.i thought the tv wa too small but the picture wa good . had we planned on staying there for more than one night , i would have asked to change rooms.having said all this we would stay here again . the hotel staff wa very nice and we loved the atmosphere of the hotel .
booked through a third party site and they tried to stick u in a queen room even though they had plenty of king available . definitely gave attitude about it but `` upgraded '' anyway . he wanted to charge me the difference but i refused . just bad service overall . no one to help with bag morning or night . even the day front desk person wa short with u and rude . i could not wait to get out of there . the room wa clean and charming . the area is definitely rough . i would not stay here again .
i wa here for a wedding reception back in february , and it wa gorgeous ! ! everything wa nicely done . the decor wa beautiful . a far a i know from the bride and groom , everything wa handled well , too .
we decided to have a little staycation at the priory earlier this month . my husband made the reservation with a special they were having for a dinner date night . with the special , they give you a few pittsburgh restaurant to choose from and you get a $ 50 voucher to that restaurant . when my husband called the priory , they said they would make the reservation and call u back on the time . we never got a call about the reservation time which wa annoying . but the main issue wa we checked in , talked to the girl at the front desk about having the shuttle take u to this reservation at meat and potato , and she set u up with the shuttle . we go in the room , look around for the $ 50 voucher , and it is not in the room so we assumed ( i know we should never assume ) that it wa taken care of with meat and potato when they made our reservation . we had a fabulous dinner at m & p , great food , great service , and the bill come . we asked the server about this priory $ 50 voucher and he had never heard about it so the manager come over and say they did not give them anything but to have them call and ask for him and he will work it out . we called the priory and told them this , the girl who answered gave u an attitude and said you should have asked for it . then refused to call m & p to talk to the manager . she just said to pay the full bill and we can work it out when we get back to the hotel . we gave the manager our phone and he wa yelled at a well about this . he took our word that the priory would deliver it to him the next day and he deducted the $ 50 from our bill . it wa embarrassing and it wa not the issue with the money , just the service with the priory . this showed u two thing : we will not be going back to the priory due to the lack of service and lack of respect and we will be going back to m & p because their service wa impeccable .
after considerable research for a hotel on the night of a steelers football game ( a sunday night against the baltimore raven , no le ! ) , the priory wa my top choice in that it wa relatively reasonably priced and offered shuttle service free of charge to/from the game . in spite of the hotel being located in the less-than-revered north side of the city , the place ha charm and character with a friendly , accommodating staff . at no point did i feel unsafe , although in full disclosure , i did not spend considerable time in the hotel is neighborhood , other than to frequent a nearby watering hole , the james street gastropub and speakeasy . the hotel ha ample complimentary parking nearby ( one lot across the street , another around the block ) , including one lot that is only accessible to hotel guest . the other lot is posted to only permit hotel guest to park there but there did not appear to be a way to monitor this , although it is possible ( likely ? ) hotel staff doe so . in addition to the friendliness of the staff and shuttle service to the stadium , the continental breakfast that wa provided wa pleasantly surprising in that in addition to the typical fare ( cereal , muffin , danish , hard boiled egg , coffee , etc . ) , there wa a generous selection of meat , cheese , and fruit . i would gladly stay at this clean , comfortable , and charming hotel again !
this is a beautiful hotel inside of an old church . i wa really impressed with the outdoor space , the tiny bar and the expansive dining room . while it wa within walking distance to the stadium and the andy warhol museum , the neighborhood wa sketchy . it appeared to be `` up and coming '' perhaps a return trip is in order . it wa a good value for the price .
great hotel in a great location for walking to city centre ( about 15 min ) although the street it is on by the supermarket wa not the nicest to walk down ... about little rough with people always hanging out around it.the hotel ... great big nice room and friendly staff .
lovely and beautiful and very very clean . we had a wonderful stay the night before the marathon . location is very central .
inside the old st. mary is priory , a beautiful hotel transformed from a real monastery is monk is bar . the tiny and i mean very small bar , with three tiny table and three bar stool is big on properly made drink . i sat at a stool which is not high enough for the bar which made for a rather uncomfortable seating . my friend katrina ha known the lone bartender , nikki for year and ha been wanting to get me out of my comfort zone and try new place . i beat katrina to the priory and found a lot of free parking out front ( after 7 pm street parking is free ) and went inside . now situated , i sat down and looked over the menu and decided on a monktini , citron absolute , fresh lime juice and razzmatazz . perfect for a warm summer night , not heavy or filling , a little sweet , a little tart . refreshing ! after katrina arrived another couple walked in and sat at one of the small cafe table , the tiny room induces conversation with others , especially when the bartender introduces you to everyone . time for a bite and this is where monk is bar lost a star ( the uncomfortably high bar and low stool cost them a star a well ) but a a practicing vegan , there were no option i could enjoy . sandwich are served on pretzel bun ( monk invented pretzel ) with option like a ham and turkey club , turkey , creamy chicken salad , and a few others i forgot . i did order hummus but it wa not filling at all . i did enjoy the house made lemoncello , although i have made this in the past , monk is make there is with grain alcohol which i found to be too strong . i will continue to make mine with 100 proof vodka and forgo the impending hiccup . it wa a very interesting night , made new friend , found an interesting new spot and a really cool building i will love to explore more of . everyone should try monk is bar and get out of your comfort zone .
i had heard about the priory from friend , especially the wine tasting . i finally had the opportunity to attend in may 2015.i wa very impressed with the entire event and the people . the wine tasting wa held in the courtyard which wa nicely set up and the weather wa beautiful . the italian wine selection wa delicious a wa the food paired with the wine . there wa an explanation of the wine and music that wa a great addition . the staff and owner were friendly and helpful . there were imported cheese beforehand that could be sampled even after the wine tasting had begun . they even make homemade limoncello at the small and cozy bar after the tasting had ended ( not included but that is ok ) . it wa very tasty . i will be back for sure .
attended a wedding here and wa blown away by it beauty and service . i would consider having a wedding reception here . the steak wa one of the best reception dish i have ever had .
an excellent business model includes extraordinary customer service . my brother who ha good taste ( except in woman ) booked the priory hotel a a safe haven for family member not in town for a celebration . alone the first day , i ended up in conversation with two smart fellow : adam , bartending at the jewel box monk is bar and max , master of the front desk . at their suggestion , i took myself for a walk realizing , crossing the 9th st . sister is bridge , 'downtown ' wa closer than my local whole food . so is the new stadium ! it wa beautiful later that saturday evening , light rain drop on my face , looking up at the suspension bridge a i crossed the river again on to safe , well-marked sidewalk , having spontaneously bought an available ticket to an a+ traveling broadway musical in the breathtaking benedum theater . ( that is pittsburgh ! ) i opened the front door to my fully stocked , 2-storey , 2br , 3ba , private townhouse to find 6 red rose on the dining table and a note - a gift from those fellow who witnessed my grief and hoping to cheer me , left a coupon for a glass of wine and a reminder to return under happier circumstance . how 'bout that . plus , the linen are cotton , the mattress wa superior , the parking is free , the coffee , made in the right proportion wa delicious and the continental breakfast served fresh fruit , local bagel , and real butter ! it wa a much a home away from home a you can get . on the way to pit , we stopped and lined up the rose for mom . thank you , gentleman , thank you priory ( thanks , bro ) .
good reasonably priced boutique hotel within walking distance of downtown pittsburgh . great friendly staff . excellent continental breakfast included with room . a former religious institution the ghost of monk are said to stroll the hallway in the wee hour of the morning . my single bed room wa small but comfortable ( rm . 106 ) . parking for guest with car next to bldg . in a gated lot . highly recommended .
everything is good expect the housekeeping . i just checked out for 1.5 hour and came back for my lost clothes but my sweater ha already gone . my skirt and sweater wa stayed together in the closet but just found the skirt finally . so disappointed with the housekeeping !
wonderful hotel ! i just love the history of the hotel and the grand hall ! the staff are very friendly and they do everything they could possibly do to accommodate you . i love the room and the high ceiling ! i will go again ! i highly recommend it ! !
loved it ! great location , cute room , good breakfast ( although some non-meat protein option would be helpful ) . staff wa very friendly and helpful . the shuttle wa great but downtown wa walking distance !
booked this hotel without looking at review and wa very nervous ! after checking in , my daughter and i fell in love with this hotel ! it is historic and the old picture and blueprint line the hallway . the small courtyard outside is the perfect place to enjoy the free breakfast ! the staff is super friendly and willing to go out of their way to help and recommend local gem ! the small bar , monk , in the front room wa so quaint yet had an excellent selection ! we stayed here because the local ronald mcdonald house wa booked , while we prefer to stay there due to the convenience to the hospital ... we will absolutely come back here should the rmh be full again ! thanks for a great stay ! !
my wife and i are seasoned traveler and have had many opportunity to enjoy hospitality all over the world , and we had high hope for the priory based on review , but the short version of our review is that we will not go back ! the staff wa not friendly - especially the bartender who preferred to watch his cartoon show and glower at the guest who dared to interrupt his tv - and the driver who loudly complained about the challenge of all the limo request made of him . the worst however wa the room itself ( 124 ) - odd stain in the tub that inhibited it use , a bathroom door that would not close completely preventing privacy , and an air conditioner that could double a a white noise machine . add to that a breakfast that wa so lame that we did not even bother with it the second morning - stale roll , hard boiled egg , unripened fruit , and not one thing served hot - just ridiculous for the price charged . again , we will not go back and would discourage others from staying there .
ms. payne is awesome . i have used her several time , and will continue too . she is a sweet lady and very helpful . the building along federal where she work is not the nicest , and the parking is not the greatest , but ms. payne is fantastic and definitely worth using for all of your notary need . i have sent many people to her and do not hesitate to recommend her to yelp !
payne notary - is the best ! she is professional , courteous and organized ! shes so very pleasant too !
super nice , very patient and helpful . did a title transfer and called ahead . she told me exactly what to bring , the exact price and payment form . definitely will go back when i need a notary !
ultimate dive bar
hmmm ... what to say about key west . i would not exactly call it `` warm '' - get it - hahaha . a friend and i checked this place out on a friday night . you know that point in the night when you think to yourself , `` i could go home right now and call it a night or i could do this right and see where the night lead me '' . well we decided on the latter and it led u to key west.it is a total dive of a bar . it is fairly small inside and no one seemed to pay u any attention . key west seems like the type of bar where you get regular and so if you have never been there before , you are probably going to stick out . but no one really bothered u and we just hung out for a bit . there seemed to be a potential fight breaking out behind u and like i said it is not that big so it caused a bit of a scene in the bar . it quickly died down and started back up and then tapered back down - fyi this seems like a normal occurrence a my friend and i were the only one that were alarmed . another thing to keep in mind beside the potential fight is that it cash only .
total dive . umm . a gang fight started breaking out and one of the guy had tear drop tatted on his face . is not that code for murder ? the bartender shouted to break the fight up not exactly in those word but yahhh . we left soon after . enter here at your own risk ... although i will say i may have stuck out like a sore thumb here but no one bugged . i have a feeling i will never go back . make for a good story- 3 star for that ...
there is something about sitting across from dr. rectenwald that make you feel a if you went back in time - to a time when doctor spent time really listening to your problem , asking you question , talking about your expectation , and providing hope that you can get better . he never appeared to be rushed , like he had all the time in the world for me . i could not ask for a better experience .
he is the best doc i have ever visited . very experienced , reasonable and genuine..
i have terrible foot pain and can barely walk . i wa told to come in 5 week . in the past i have seen this doctor for minor foot problem . very disappointed that i can not be seen sooner . would only recommend this doctor for toenail trim or minor problem . do not believe he care about his patient . dissatisfied patient
i went here for lunch and got the grilled cajun chicken sandwich and salad , both of which were fine . the service wa really good . overall , not a bad place , but nothing spectacular .
so apparently i have this habit , at least last week , of visiting a bar/restaurant during it most dead time . in this case , it wa somewhat understandable for clark bar & grill because it wa a very uneventful sport week . regardless , i wanted to check out this place , housed in the old manufacturing warehouse of the historic clark bar candy co. ( rip ) just north of pnc park.i wa not overly impressed with either the menu or beer selection . in fact , there were only five beer on tap and one had just kicked . i ordered the special , a reuben sandwich with tater tot , which were both decent . i washed it down with a penn pilsner ( local brew ) and then left to go check out another place on the north side.this may be a good spot to hit up before/after a pirate or steelers game because of it proximity to both stadium , but i am not sure i will venture back otherwise .
my review is limited to the restroom . i wa in town for a steelers/jets game and the portable toilet line wa very long . so i walked over here and for $ 5 the allowed me to use the restroom for the rest of the day ( they stamped my hand ) . i wa told that it would be donated to a charity ( i believe he said al ) . great idea if it is true . the restroom is not very large ( men is room had 2 urinal and 2 toilet ) but it is much better than the option out in the parking lot . a far a the rest of the place , it wa packed with fan prior to game time . lot of food , drink and tv . might be a better hang out spot if the weather is crummy . but i prefer to tailgate . it will be a good spot to watch the game if you did not have a ticket and tailgated with your friend .
if you love pittsburgh sport & classic pittsburgh food / beer , you will love this place ! first , the atmosphere is great because you are surrounded by pittsburgh sport memorabilia . the food is excellent . i have gone here for lunch many time & have always loved my meal . today i had the special : clam-chowder soup , tuna fish sandwich , & tater-tots . yum ! ! friendly service & reasonable price !
i have had lunch at the clark bar and grill about 10 time . consistently good service and food . there are a few restaurant on the north shore to eat lunch , this place get you served in a reasonable time if you have le than an hour .
amazing food - hand down , my favorite place to eat in the city . the manager , tom , is wonderfully attentive and friendly . the whole place is clean and hold a very proud pittsburgh feel to it ... just a lovely and affordable place .
got ticket to the zoso concert at stage ae and decided to switch up my pre-lube location from something other than the tilted kilt , river towne or bettis grill . i decided on the clark bar . i have only been to the clark bar once before for lunch about three year ago . i remember being impressed with the boomer burger and even tweeted the following about it : `` just had a boomer burger at the clark bar for # lunch . half pound of deliciousness discovered on the n. shore of # pgh '' ( the accompanying pic that i took that day is uploaded here ) . so i came back to drink a few beer and have some dinner with my lady before the show . speaking of beer , there is a limited selection of craft beer here . a of this writing , on tap they have got penn marzen , dogfish head 60 min and sam adam cold snap . in bottle there is bell two hearted ipa and sierra nevada pale ale ( they also listed blue moon and ic light a craft beer but i am sorry , i do not think so ) .i walked in the door at around 5:30 and i noticed that it wa not too crowded ; possibly due to the weather . there were four guy at the bar and a couple of table were occupied but nothing like i have experienced at the establishment on the other side of the parking lot.while waiting for my date to join me , i started with a sam adam is cold snap a a tribute to the day is february , single digit , temp before moving on to the marzen . both were decent beer , very drinkable , but nothing all that special.it wa pushing close to 7:00 when we decided to order dinner . by that time we were the only people left in the bar . we asked the bartender about the crowd they get and if this is normal for a friday night . he said that lunchtime is normally their busiest time and he get a few regular that work in the building after 5:00 for a bite and a few drink . other than those time , it is before and after the ball game that draw the most business ( a you would expect ) .the menu is pretty simple offering a few appetizer , salad , burger , sandwich and the `` house specialty '' fish and chip . there were also special listed on a chalk board at the entrance announcing drink special , wing and a cajun burger . i decided i would go cajun tonight . my girlfriend settled on a turkey burger . my cajun burger wa spicy good delicious ; perfectly grilled with a slice of pepper jack cheese and hot pepper ring balanced with a tomato slice and lettuce . i also got a sample slice of my lady is turkey burger ( yeah , we do that ) and it wa juicy goodness a well topped with cheddar cheese , onion , lettuce and tomato . her burger came with slaw and mine with fries.overall this is a casual , easy bar . they obviously recognize their pittsburgh root and being nestled between the two stadium they cater to the pittsburgh sport fan . photo of past local sport team and legend adorn the wall in a relatively tasteful manner . but what is really cool is all of the autographed baseball , bat and football in the hallway behind the bar.i will recommend this place to any out-of-towner or anyone going to see a ball game or show on the north shore . i give it a solid 4 star for ambiance , service and delicious burger . if the beer selection wa better i would have up it to five star .
horrible food , horrible service . i am really not sure how this place manages to stay in business .
great lunch at the clark bar & grill ! the marietta burger wa amazing and made my taste bud sing . it definitely unique . i love the fresh cut fry ! ! ! they are cut thick and were cooked just right . i am totally digging the menu too .. something for everyone . the soft pretzel bite were good - at a glance they look like hard pretzel but are soft and oh so tasty . thanks clark bar & grill . ... this yinzer is looking forward to her next visit..
today wa another great visit to the clark bar and grille . today i had the cuban sandwich and it wa oh so tasty . i love the fresh cut fry ! ! ! the pretzel bite are a must for an appetizer ! ! the special for today wa a `` meatball hoagie '' and i wa able to sample my friend is sandwich and it wa bursting with delicious-ness.when my co-worker and i go for lunch .. we like to beat the crowd by arriving at 11:30am . 4 star for the quality of food and great service.thanks clark bar and grille !
first i would like to say the pasta too of old had good food , this wa just average . the italian and mushroom steak hoagy were not that great . the steak wa so chopped that it kept falling out of the bun . the pizza wa not that good either . the price are higher than the food wa good . $ 6.25 for 7 '' italian and $ 7.50 for 7 '' mushroom steak . so not worth it but i guess they figure they can get from the people who work at the hospital and with all the new housing going up . i will not get anything from there again .
awesome fast pizza
this place is fantastic , some of the best pizza i have had in pittsburgh . the owner is always very nice and the ingredient are always fresh . my only complaint is that i probably gained a pound or two eating here too often . 5/5 would recommend .
the better option for pizza delivery in the north side . do yourself a favor and do not ever go in for pickup .
i love this pizza . i went a few year back and to this day i still have nostalgia thinking about this pizza . recommended by one of the hospital employee nearby and i absolutely love it . went back and got 2 box before i went to ny .
we went to mullins for breakfast on a day they were having a large party for a separate group so i think the staff were not sure how to handle the rest of the customers.so we entered , the waitress made eye contact and did not say `` seat yourself '' or anything . that wa really just awkward . a few minute latter we just sat down.thankfully a fellow irishman who i assume owns the place saw that we had sat down and directed a waitress to take our order and he seemed to have to remind her to take care of our stuff . i do not think they would have bothered otherwise so thats the -1 star . maybe that is normal . maybe it because they had a large group.however , since we were taken care of the food came out quickly . let me tell you it is worth it . the food is cheap , hot good and plenty of it . i mean this is the best breakfast i have had locally.i got the `` big breakfast '' option . awesome . hot cake , egg , sausage all done just right.and cheap . i mean i had a week worth of calorie for two people for under 25 buck with tip.the decor is not shale we say nice or even matching and ha an odd irish theme but serf no irish themed food . who care . just go get yourself a big plate of hash .
ah , mullin is . no not mullen is , which is something i always have to clarify when someone asks if i want to meet them for lunch at one of these place while i am at work . this is not the bar and grill located near pnc park ; it is a little diner that stand alone on a corner a you drive past the warhol and continue towards the david mccullough bridge . it is easy to miss or just drive on by , which is kind of a shame because this is a pretty nice spot to eat , i think . it can admittedly be a little offputting to walk in if you are not expecting their seating arrangement , which consists of a mix of booth , regular table and fold-up table ( along with chair that you are more likely to find in a school than a diner ) . but food wise , this is definitely the place to go for cheap , greasy diner eats . they make breakfast a well a lunch , and i have to say their breakfast look pretty good ( three egg omelet with a side dish ? holy crap ! ) . i have mostly ordered their sandwich and burger and thought they were pretty good overall . a long a you come in expecting diner food and nothing else , i think you will like what you find ! a note - this place charge a fee for using a credit/debit card when you spend under $ 10 , and their food is so cheap that you can spend le than $ 10 very easily . so bring cash !
off the beaten path but a delightful little hole in the wall place . breakfast wa huge and tasty . egg over easy almost perfect and the pancake were quite good free parking and breakfast under $ 20 for two make this an excellent value !
i hate to post anything negative , but seriously , this place wa one of the worst . we were not expecting top of the line anything , .but everything about this place wa bad . the place wa pretty dirty , the coffee wa like water , we waited close to an hour for our food ( apparently the cook decided to leave for about 45 minute ) , the waitress-owner wa more interested in drinking beer with another set of customer ( at 9:30 in the morning ! ! ) than checking on u . the food wa beyond bad-oh ' ... and ice cold . the waitress , the one time she came over , literally spilled.a good amount of coffee on our table and just walked back to her drinking buddy . it wa like getting a shitty breakfast in a local sub dive bar .
dive may be an understatement , but the breakfast soar . huge portion , served quickly and piping hot . and price consistent with the ambiance . two block from the bike trail is a plus .
well-kept northside secret , hidden in plain sight in the middle of a patch of virtual wasteland . great breakfast at half the price of the overpriced tourist trap on the other side of the 16th st bridge .
mullin is is a blue collar breakfast spot with a gritty and greasy charm . i fucking loved every minute of it .
awesome place . have been having weekly breakfast with my daughter for 10 year now . huge omelet , awesome coffee and one of the better cheese burger around for that price range . i know every time i walk in that i will have a great meal .
i have been here for breakfast a number of time and always enjoy it . it is typical diner-style breakfast food , comparable to pamela is or deluca is but without the crowd and long line . the food is pretty good , and you get large portion for a relatively inexpensive price . the staff are always friendly and personable , and they never rush you out the door . i would definitely recommend it , i know i will be back again .
for the last two year that i have lived in my house in bellevue , and did my weekly shopping trip to the strip , i have driven past this intersection before the 16th street bridge and saw the sign 'diner ' pointing to a totally unassuming little building beyond the gravel lot to the right . i often thought that i will like to try it 'maybe ' , but with my experience with local diner , i have kind of been put off from even walking in the door , only to discover price gouging for lousy food . most local 'diners ' are either pretentious grease pit that yokel stand in line to drool over ( deluca is and pamela is come to mind ) or they have cut cost , portion , quality and raised price and are really not much more than low-level denny is or ihops ( ritter is ? ) but , by luck this morning , my friend and i decided ... hungry ... try ! ok 'foodies ' , bow your head in shame ... because all i can say about this diner is ... this is what a diner is supposed to be ! ! ! this is what this older un-'trendy ' classic guy remembers a a true diner ! it is a very small hole in the wall , with a totally unimpressive 'atmosphere ' . no kitsch , no sentimentalism for the old world diner . no phony nostalgia . it is a collection of table and chair , a small counter , and a kitchen window , with one tv on one wall . no frills.our waitress , courtney wa right there for u , and a friendly and 'diner ' a could be . pulled up a chair and sat right down with u to take our order . coffee ( which wa actually pretty good . no foame-latte-latte-mocha-chino ... it wa black coffee in a solid white coffee mug . with a good dose of coffee in the coffee . not water dressed in brown , but a nice smack of coffee ) the menu had a pretty decent variety of typical breakfast and lunch deal , combo , platter , egg , pancake , meat , etc . i chose the breakfast burger ... 1/2 lb ground beef patty , with bacon , egg , cheese , lettuce and tomato , and according to the menu , served on french toast . the french toast did not appeal to me so i asked courtney if i could get it on a regular bun . she looked at me and frowned and shook her head sternly with a 'no ' . i gulped . then she smiled and said 'of course , i do not like it with the french toast either ! 'my friend ordered french toast a french toast , with a side of sausage link and some hash brown . my burger wa to come with chip , but i decided hash brown sounded better . check.the burger arrived and wa actually ground beef formed into a patty , and not the sysco truck frozen hockey puck patty . score ! they cooked it mostly to order ( not a pink a i would like , but it did ooze juice when bitten into - score again ! ) the hash brown were not frozen and out of a bag , but i could tell they were all real potato freshly shredded . score again ! my friend is french toast wa very nice sized bread ( not texas toast , but not wonderbread either ) , and were beautifully golden with a touch of brown . and when he bit into his sausage link he let out a rather orgasmic moan of goodness . he liked the hash brown , a did i , but i would ask for a little extra crispy next time . courtney kept our coffee topped off , wa attentive without being a hounding drone , and very friendly . so , while people are standing in line just across one bridge for mediocrity with a bigger price tag , we both got a very filling and beautifully made meal , around regular folk in a very comfortable spot with a much smaller price tag . and we did not have a marvel comic book with flappy ear hole and a ferdinand the bull nose ring serving up our food ! score again ! and ... we had no wait . big breakfast for two , which we upgraded , with two very nice cup of joe , $ 25.04 . so ... you stand in line at pamela is for ... what exactly ? for those who like breakfast before or during your trip to the strip , i highly recommend avoiding the hipster and wandering zombie suburbanite , by ducking into mullin is instead.this is a diner ... doing it right .
no frill , no fake smiling employee , just really great bread . fresh , authentic , all natural ingredient and very good price . i regularly buy 2 baguette here for a $ 1.25 or $ 1.50 . lot of roll , breadstick , rye , wheat and focaccia . it is a small store at the bakery , price are a lot lower than at wholey is or somewhere else in the city . many restaurant use breadworks . great stuff .
we did not order directly from them , so i am not ranking any lower than three stars.however , our wedding catering sourced their bread from breadworks and it wa quite unimpressive . in fact , many of our guest identified it a the one thing they would have changed about our meal ... not sure if it wa because our reception wa on a saturday and maybe the hotel only take delivery on weekday or something , but it just wa not fresh-tasting and certainly wa not on-par with say , mancini is .
i am a huge fan of breadworks . they make high quality bread at reasonable price . they are very consistently good and the bread is always delicious and fresh . some favorite include the walnut raisin and the sourdough . a good shopping tip is to arrive 1/2 hour before closing , and everything in the store is half off .
i am a huge fan of breadworks . it is about a mile from my front door , so i visit there about once a week to stock up . since discovering this place i have not bought bread at any other store or bakery . first , it smell amazing when you walk in the very tiny storefront . depending on the day of the week and time of day , this place get crowded ! the best time to go is right when they open at 6:30 am , it is the only way to assure that they have not run out of your favorite . this happens often , especially with the whole wheat , which is downright incredible . they have everything from smaller hard roll , sourdough and salt stick , baguette , larger loaf of pretty much every kind of bread you can think of . they even have featured bread daily , such a raisin walnut and cheddar focaccia . and the best part is , it is cheap ! ! crazy cheap ! only negative is the employee are not thrilled to be there a a whole , most seem almost annoyed most of the time , especially if you do not know what you want immediately upon walking in the door . it is a small price to pay to get in on the breadworks action !
great local business . great local bread . great low price . i go there a often a i can and i am never disappointed . it is worth having to wait in line when they first open each morning .
who doe not love good , well baked bread ? bread work is very good bread in dozen of variety . i am partial to their old fashioned salt stick with caraway seed , a long time pittsburgh tradition . great dinner roll , loaf , sausage roll , and lot of other item . this place also delivers to local restaurant , so you have probably had their product and not known .
best in pittsburgh hand down . pumpernickel raisin roll are my favorite , the ciabatta is awesome ... salt stick too . they have just about anything you could think of and it is always bakes fresh that morning .
breadworks ha great bread although i usually only buy it in the summer because i make my own bread . i am rating it 4 star and not 5 for one thing , the focaccia . they now stick it in pizza box and you can not see what your getting . the last 2 time i got it , the bread wa burnt . at the price of this bread it should not be burnt and it never wa when you could see it before you got it home . i think i will stick to what i can see .
great bread and excellent customer service ! we went in wanting bread to take back home with u , but we did not know what kind to get . we decided to get a couple of roll and one of the lady let u have three full size roll just a sample . i ate the raisin rye right away and it wa excellent , i am sure it would be even better toasted.i will definitely buy my bread here if we lived in pittsburgh .
what can i say ? if you like bread , you have to visit their store . and once you do , it will become a regular thing ! the bread is baked to perfection and is simply delicious ! particular favorite are : * specialty focacia is ( different every day ) * asiago mini crocodile ( perfect amount of cheesiness ) * rustic walnut raisin ( great toasted for breakfast ) * raisin grain and pumpernickel raisin roll ( i can not stop eating them ) * sour # 2 ( get it sliced or slice it yourself for fantastic sandwich ) the store is open until 6pm during the week and start marking down what is left on the shelf at 5:30pm . but go earlier or even order ahead for the best selection ! they also have weekend hour , but i have not been to the store on the weekend myself.oh , and what they do not sell before closing ? they donate to local food bank so even the poor can sometimes have a taste of ambrosia ! warning : the retail store only take cash , so plan ahead !
vietnamese people love french baguette . it ha something to do with french occupation resulting in my older relative knowing how to speak french and eating my curry with bread . ( grammar-wise , why are all my relative eating my curry ? i refuse to fix the previous sentence . ) i went on a journey through pittsburgh in search of a good baguette . of course , being a student , my first destination were giant eagle , whole food , and trader joes . after i finished sobbing with swollen gum , curled up at the bottom of my bathtub , i wa determined to not give up . then i found the outdoor bread stand at strip district , allegro , and breadworks bakery . all three make fantastic bread and specialize in their own thing , but the award for best baguette go to breadworks bakery . for now ... dun dun dun.so of course , with every bakery , there is the option of buying and eating right away . but there is also the option for half-baked baguette at breadworks , where the bread is not fully finished and you finish the rest of the baking yourself . now , if you hear yourself saying , `` why would i do the rest of the job for them ? '' i do not want to be your friend . who would not want freshly baked bread at home ? ugh , who are you ? anyways , i buy a bag of those , put it in my freezer , then finish it off in the oven whenever i need my baguette fix . ( seriously , i love this bread . my girlfriend is worried about my waistline ) .so what make a good baguette ? it ha to be crunchy and thin on the outside , but delicate , light , and soft on the inside . you do not fight the bread when you eat it ( and it should not win , for that matter ... your poor gum after sub-par bread ) ; instead , it should break and tear easily . the bread here ha those qualities.the rest of the bread are good . there are ton of variety . the mini roll are adorable . and i love bread.besides the delicious bread , this stuff is also cheap , so huge bonus of awesomeness right there .
incredible bread here ! they do not use preservative so you better make sure you eat it up fast or have room in the freezer . they have a large selection of bread . the daily rotation of focaccia is something worth checking out . i think monday is pepperoni focaccia day
how have i not reviewed breadworks yet ? ! shame on me . i love coming here for fresh bread -- the only down side is that i feed two people , and most of the loaf that they sell are for at least four people , so i end up eating at least two serving of bread with dinner . can not fault them for that , though ... they have french loaf , breadstick , specialty focaccias ... and i am just addicted to their salt stick . so good ! they are cash only , but you do not need much , because i have never spent more than $ 5 here . ( yes , you read that correctly . the bread is amazing and at least half off from what you will pay in the strip for the same loaf . ) if you are anywhere close , make sure you try it !
bread work is really good and you can get really good rook you should go there it is in pittsburgh pa
going to the store is highly addictive . and bring a kid with you , they will give them bread ! great place .
why have i not been getting bread from breadworks my entire life ? i have never actually been inside breadworks , but ton of pittsburgh restaurant use their bread . so finally , my parent stopped in with a 50 % off coupon last weekend to try some different thing . and since i am poor thanks to graduate school , they shared.first , we tried an assortment of roll . if you are a fan on max is allegheny tavern , this is where they order their roll from ! my personal favorite wa the pumpernickel raisin roll . however , the real winner of this trip wa the pepperoni and cheese focaccia style bread they picked up . it wa served in a pizza box , and probably about 8 to 10 inch in diameter . this bread wa amazing . it wa packed with pepperoni and amazing cheese . then , there wa baked cheese all over the top layer of the bread . it wa one of the most delicious thing i have ever eaten . i savored every last bite.my parent walked out with all of this for under $ 4 so it would normally be around $ 8 . what a steal ! i just wish breadworks wa a bit more convenient to my house , but it is so good that i am willing to travel !
i am still a fan but something is starting to change here and not for the better . the last two time i have bought from here i have been a little disappointed . i got some hoagy roll that were dense and tasted flat , i have had better from sam is club . today i stopped and asked for some rustic italian and what i got wa a regular italian loaf and it wa only so-so . it wa only slightly better than any other place that bakes it is own italian like shop n save . maybe the store clerk gave me the wrong bread and i hope so because i have loved this place for year and i hope they are not just making for the restaurant trade now .
ron is pizza palace is cheap . if the only requirement for your meal is that it cost le than $ 10 , ron is still would not be your best option.today i ordered an `` antipasta '' ( sic ) salad that came with wilted lettuce , thinly sliced , low quality deli meat , rotting carrot , and an overabundance of some shredded white cheese . the entire combination filled slightly more than one quarter of the styrofoam container it came in.on multiple occasion in the past , i have ordered hoagy from ron is . while i have had enjoyable hoagy from ron is , that is not the standard experience . the hoagy are very inconsistent in term of quality , occasionally good , frequently bad . if you get a hoagie , i do not recommend one with produce on it . the produce in their hoagy is a bad a their salads.i will not be ordering from ron is again , despite the inexpensive menu . i am all for a cheap meal , but only if a certain standard of quality is met . with ron is , you are better off considering fast food .
in the past , i have not really been much of a fan of ron is a another reviewer ha said that the food wa inconsistent . but i have tried it 3 time in the last 3-4 month because a neighbor told me that they had gotten rid of a cook and replaced him . these three time have been a pleasant surprise . the pizza wa well put together and cooked right , wing are hot and also cooked well . i have had the italian hoagy 2 time and both time the meat wa plentiful and the veggie fresh . i do not agree with the other reviewer that it wa all that cheap , but maybe the increase in cost is reflected in the better quality of the food . i have tried many pizza joint on the northside and i think this is one of the best . this is take out and delivery only . no seating .
inconsistent again . the last 2 hoagy i have gotten here is again only mediocre . the meat doe not have much flavor and the hoagie sauce taste like a little olive oil with nothing else , again very plain . the bread is the best part , which is really sad . i still like their buffalo pizza better than frank , but who know what it is going to be like if quality is slipping . i guess i will have to go to the deli and pick up the stuff for a homemade hoagie when i feel like having one . for 9 buck i think i can make a pretty good hoagie for myself and family .
wa going to try the buffalo pizza . tried to call about 9:15 pm saturday night and they did not even pick up the phone . they'er menu say that they are open til 10pm disappointed again ! no longer going to try .
i ordered lunch from ron is pizza palace after a staff member of theirs visited my work is building to promote ron is to nearby business . the staff member gave u all a menu and mentioned a discount we could use for the day , so my coworkers and i figured we will give them a try . and ... i wa pretty underwhelmed . for starter , a couple people definitely had problem ordering due to a poor connection or something like that . fine . it happens . but then when our food eventually arrived the poor deliveryman told me that he had no idea how much my lunch cost . fortunately , i will gotten that info when i ordered . but what in the world did he plan on doing if i had not calculated my payment in advance ? would i have had to call in to sort out their staff is mistake ? would i have just handed the guy a random amount of money and waved him off ? i have no idea.and the food itself certainly left a lot to be desired . i had ordered mozzarella stick a an appetizer , but they did not impress me . the cheese wa anything but gooey , and i ended up eating a couple stick in one bite because the cheese simply would not rip apart when i bit into it . the batter on the stick also left a pretty bad aftertaste in my mouth , so much so that i chugged coke after every bite to try to make up for it . a for the sandwich , my coworkers complained that their hoagy all came with too much mayo - one girl had even asked for her mayo to come on the side . no such luck : it came on her sandwich just like everyone else . a for me , the ranch i had asked to go with my buffalo chicken hoagie did not even arrive . i used some from the company fridge . and the ranch wa the only way i could eat the sandwich , which wa drowning in buffalo sauce and could have been taken out of their toaster a lot sooner - entire section of my sandwich is bread should not break off when i bite into it , but that is what happens when you over toast something so badly ... and is what happened here.i currently do not plan on ordering from this place again . this is a prime example of `` you get what you pay for '' - and personally i will prefer to spend a couple extra dollar for a tastier and more satisfying lunch .
we ate here often when there were on east ohio before the road restructure . we have adopted a new life style and try to eat healthier and though they offer salad , i am too tempted by the unhealthy selection . tonight we dined on one of our favorite and it wa just a delicious a i remember ... a steak wedgie . dough a fresh a always . large wa enough for 2 , with enough left over for tomorrow . i wa a satisfied a i had been in the past ! thanks , ron is !
if you ever wanted to eat in a palace , well then get back in line , because they only do takeout . ron is is good pizza . nothing spectacular . i never expect spectacular out of my pizza , just my primanti is .
the teutonia männerchor is a private club promoting german cultural tradition in the pittsburgh area . it ha over 2,000 member from all walk of life . mostly , the männerchor is known for it ratskeller bar and lunch restaurant and the many german cultural food festival it ha throughout the year . at lunch , you often find a good german buffet and inexpensive german beer from their bar . their german cultural festival are usually well done and very authentic , but mostly populated by an older crowd . membership ( or the company of a member ) is required to eat at the ratskeller for lunch , but non member can attend their german festival . this place is by far the most `` authentic '' german club in the area and the food is mostly good . the beer selection is great and the price for everything are reasonable . if you like german food or have a connection to germany , you should try this place at least once .
private club - good german fair when serving . like the place and am a member .
i wa fortunate enough to enjoy a saturday night oktoberfest celebration here this past weekend . a friend of mine is a member of this private german heritage club , and got ticket for me and our lady friend for this celebration.we brought our own stein ( which cost varying price to fill throughout the night depending on whom we asked ) , but were always full of beer from excellent brewery like spaten and hofbrauhaus . we enjoyed a phenomenal buffet , with two delicious wursts , pork cutlet , potato pancake , sauerkraut , and a whole mess of tasty german side dish . and we spent the next three or four hour in a handsome ballroom with folk a much a three time our age , drinking beer and enjoying awesomely german music from `` fred zurich and his sound machine '' .what a great time this place wa ! i have never had so much fun being 1/4 german in all my life . if you have a chance to visit , take it !
okay , i am biased because i am actually german . and in germany i will probably never set a foot into a traditionally designed beer house - just because i am from berlin and this is more stuff bavarian would do.but i wa in pittsburgh so different rule . came here for brunch on a sunday because of an invite . you are not a member ? sorry no entry . luckily , my accent gave it away and apparently german are always welcome.they serve proper bavarian food - wurst , bacon ( ? ) , red cabbage , fried potato - pretty solid . you can also get omelette together with a krug of german beer . is that what we german do for breakfast back home ? maybe in the bavarian wood , i am not sure , but it is definitely something.the interior is quite unique - imagine oktoberfest in 1935 and you get the idea . fun fact : not everyone in there speaks german and they have waitress that work there for over a decade . i do , however , appreciate that this pittsburgh institution is around for more than 100 year and hope they will stick around for a while.maybe , in another 100 year , even the neighborhood will not look a dodgy a it look right now .
went here a couple friday ago to go to for lunch . pretty cool place and the food wa pretty good . i had the sausage platter , sauerkraut , coleslaw , and red cabbage ... mmmmm ! i can not wait to go back and try some other dish . my only complaint is that the beer were a little small .
this place is great . the beer is good , the atmosphere is great , the people are friendly . private , yes . get an introduction and join !
we were invited to teutonia by a club member for their sunday brunch . it wa crowded so definitely make a reservation , i do not think we would have gotten a table if our host had not called ahead.they had a variety of sausage and sauerkraut a part of the buffet along with egg and potato - all of which were tasty . the had a pastry table and there were omelet made to order . i had always been curious about this place and wa glad to have been invited to brunch . the outside of the building is very unique and look european a doe the inside . if you get a chance to visit , i highly recommend !
i love this place . the lunch buffet is incredible and a great value . our whole family ha enjoyed the oktoberfest event , which always sell out . i highly recommend stopping by if you get the opportunity .
if this place wa not up on a hill , it might be a hipster paradise . a it stand , it is a beloved and well-attended local bar with frequent karaoke night . i have been there twice , and so far the bartender ha been the same wonderful , slightly hurried lady , who remembered u the second time around and who wa willing to help me experiment by making a manly cocktail with a raw egg shaken into it . i guess it help that the other half of billy is bar is billy is restaurant , with egg to spare . a good time is always had , belting out the classic with friendly face and free popcorn abounding . be forewarned : if you start coming every week , some of the classic will become even more `` classic '' , a you start to realize your new friend have favourite song to jive to on a regular basis ... .
once a year i treat my family to a lovely dinner at billy is before we venture downtown to catch 1964 the tribute at the benedum center . this ha become a tradition now after several year and it is always one of my favorite day of the year . billy is is not anything fancy . but it is a great place to have nearby . friendly people ( on both side of the bar ) and a menu that is above your average bar food . i have had several of their offering , including the black diamond steak , a couple of the chicken dish and the steak burger a well a a few appetizer offering . the black diamond steak is so tender it practically melt in your mouth and is served with onion and pepper . the chicken dish i have tried have exceeded my expectation . and even the burger , which i would not normally order at billy is , wa beautiful . it wa cooked just the way i wanted it ( medium ) and wa one of the best burger i have eaten . i know that sound insane , but for real , that steak burger blew my mind . i never expected it to be so good . i mean , i wa just expecting your average burger . nope , once again billy is impress . it is the perfect way to start a perfect night on the town . the service is always friendly and attentive , too , regardless of how busy they are . and considering the quality of the meal and the great service , the price are very reasonable . with it is location not far from downtown but far enough away that you do not usually have to worry about a crowd , i am surprised more people do not check it out before a show in the cultural district .
i really do not know how this place got any good review . one big problem is that the place is dirty , the carpet , the lighting above the table and the furniture . i have tried this place 5 time in the past 2 year and this is how it went . the 1st time i had a burger which tasted funny and i did not finish it . i got food poisoning and wa so sick . this i thought might have been a stomach flu so i did try this place again . the 2nd time i wa with some friend from the neighborhood and 3/5 of u had the spaghetti and meatball and we got food poisoning.now i am thinking that they have a hygiene problem with the ground meat . i wa going to stay away from the place but a friend from troy hill liked to stop there because it wa close to her home . no problem , next time i got french fry with gravy . how could this be a problem ? .when they got to the table they had put cold canned gravy on my fries.when i told the waitress about it she took it back to the kitchen and microwaved it till it wa the heat of lava . needle to say i refused to pay for them . the 4th time my friend dragged me there , i had a salad . i did not get sick but it wa not anything special with bagged salad mix and a couple of under ripe tomato piece and cucumber . the last time i only got a slice of pie and this wa good . i no longer have to go to billy is , my dear friend ha passed away and i refuse to go anywhere near the place . to the owner-please sell the restaurant , you obviously do not care for the place or know how to handle food safely .
this place wa a total surprise to me . i did not really know anything existed on troy hill aside from penn brewery until i went for a ride through the area this past weekend . while passing through i noticed billy is , it wa open , the steeler game wa about to start ... . why not check it out ? ! the interior is dated , but clean and ha some character . you enter though the bar and the dining room is on your right , this being a sunday afternoon though , the dining room wa not open . no biggie , i will saddle up to the bar which seat about 12 people . the bartender wa very nice , introduced herself and wanted to get to know me . this seems like a mostly local only bar , but they are very happy when people from outside the neighborhood stop in . one thing i heard several time while i wa in there wa `` troy hill is getting better , more people should come here and find out . `` i tried the soup of the day , chicken and corn chowder , and an order of their wing , $ .60 during the steelers game . both were very good and made me want to come back to try more of the menu . the beer selection is a bit limited , they mostly stick with the big name domestic , but that being said , the beer is pretty darn cheap . sam adam octoberfest wa $ 2.50 a glass or $ 12 a pitcher ! i will certainly be back to billy is and i think you should go too , turn out there are thing on troy hill !
consider this : my dad , a recently minted troy hill denizen , refers to this place fancy dining . and in a way , he is not wrong.i like a place with a work ethic and billy is delivers . they try and get fancy and it work in a blue collar kind of way . i eat all the stuff they put in front of me without complaint a it is neither fabulous nor inedible.i think a great way to sum up billy is is the age-old adage , `` you get what you get and you do not get upset . ''
well , my update is that this place ha been sold and new owner are going to give it a shot . i am excitedly awaiting a grand opening for the new place . my first hope is that they will steam clean the whole place to start . i will try it no matter what kind of place it is because i try to support local business .
all i can say is `` wow '' . this theater is beyond amazing . i have never been to the imax theater and we were at the science center for the guitar exhibit and i wanted to see the `` born to be wild '' movie . we only got to see an hour of the film because the power went out , but i will definately be back . this would be an awesome theater to see an action packed movie . i can not believe i have never been here before .
a trip to the omnimax theater is always a good time and i have never left disappointed . the theater is massive the screen is something like 5 time that of a regular movie screen it is way bigger then the imax . did you know that ever christmas season the omnimax screen polar express ! i mean guy you really feel like you are riding on the train ! seeing the polar express annually ha become something of a family tradition for me and the little one . and how cool wa it that batman the dark knight raise wa also screened here ? the massive screen added a layer of epic to the film viewing experience that in no way could be matched by any other theater around town . ticket for movie at the omnimax can be purchased separately from the general admission pas to the museum . i recall ticket price for show being any where for $ 9- $ 12.00 . bonus it is all set up like a movie theater and is accompanied by a concession stand that serf icees . i would not suggest it for very little kid under 5 , the sound is very loud and can prove to be frightening and over whelming . i learned this the hard way .
i went to a bob marley laser show a a 'favor ' for my husband ... the laser were really cool . i would not recommend them if you are prone to migraine , or have a neuro disorder , such a seizures.i think if the music wa more my taste , it would have been awesome .
the omnimax is amazing when you see the movie that were meant to be projected on it -- like `` '' flight of the butterfly '' and `` born to be wild . `` it is not a great for feature film . i saw star trek into darkness there recently , and it wa eh . when the camera panned down quickly , there wa a rush like on a rollercoaster . but there wa a large part of the frame that wa clearly cut off -- i could tell when there wa text on the screen especially a about a quarter of letter would be missing . on the plus , while the movie ticket themselves run $ 12 a person , the concession are crazy cheap ... like $ 3.50 for a big popcorn cheap . on the negative , on my most recent visit , they did not honor a discount program i belong to , which wa pretty lame .
i am very proud that there is a dome theater right in our dear pittsburgh . ticket are very reasonably priced , le than regular theater . even though they mainly show documentary , it is worth it for the experience . you will lose yourself and feel fully immersed in the splendid image . trust me , it is better than 3d and no glass needed . i highly recommend seeing flick with scenery . i took my little 4 year-old cousin here to see `` flight of the butterfly '' . at one point she wa so into the movie that she stood up and reached out her arm trying to catch the butterfly . it wa a beautiful sight . thank you omnimax for nurturing that childlike wonder .
if you have never been to an omnimax theater ( not imax ) , you should go at least once . only see movie made for omnimax , your typical mainstream movie do not look good on these screen , so do not try . instead opt for a national geographic title . preferably anything under water . for some reason the under water movie just seem so real . the screen is dome , so it feel like it wrap around you , and it is 4 story tall , so it is all you see . go in early and sit near the top center . you may get dizzy going up but it really is the best view .
on a short vacation here i went to the museum , and it wa good . there wa an exhibit on the first lady , which had a lot of cool stuff like clothing and white house china . the heinz history part of the museum wa pretty bad as , a wa the glass-making part . thumb up .
in my making of place i will visit when going to pittsburgh the carnegie museum had to make the list . with the many hour spent in the adjacent library and the museum itself there is really no way i could not make time when i visit . i am not sure if what seemed like ominous dinosaur skeleton are still there or not but either way it will be a walk down memory lane to go .
how to put this gently ? while i may go back to pittsburgh some day , i will never return to the carnegie museum of art . it is not that i mind that it gallery seemed small compared to others i have viewed ( sometimes small museum have some hidden treasure ) or that one whole gallery wa blown glass and i felt like i wa at a bong shop on haight st. in sf . it come down to the fact that a docent , while trying to explain a painting with a watchtower in it , told the student it wa a watchtower `` from auschwitz , a place where they basically fried a lot of jew '' . seriously ? that is how she chose to describe concentration camp to a large class of what i could only guess were middle schoolers ? it sounded like she described a bad breakfast joint ... '' oh that place ? they basically just fry egg '' .on top of all that , the description of the piece stated the watchtower wa reminiscent of those that were spread throughout east and west germany during hitler is rule ( i.e . not those in auschwitz ) .in sum , docent are a reflection of the institution in which they volunteer , and this one sucked . so , carnegie museum of pittsburgh , if you are going to hire racist people to lead your tour , at least make sure they have their fact straight ( or can read ) .
i visited both the art and natural history museum last weekend . i majorly bummed that the large dinosaur exhibit wa under refurbishment . most of the rest of the museum is a large taxidermy exhibit - not my thing.in addition , the art museum , although nice , did not live up to the `` major impressionist collection '' rep it ha . maybe i am just spoiled with philly museum , but this one wa a bit of a disappointment . major thumb down to the museum for not notifying visitor ahead of time that the statue room wa shut down for a private function during the day .
if you are not into blockbuster and the crowd that attend them , you might really enjoy spending a slow , quiet day with the impressionist and modern painting in the art museum is permanent collection.when i moved to pittsburgh , they had this sort of omnibus exhibit of their own permanent collection called ( somewhat inappropriately ) panopticon and arranged kind of barnes collection style . that wa cool . but on subsequent visit , the permanent gallery were equally impressive and even more pleasurable in their everyday arrangement . i might be mistaken , but i think that even everyday the painting are hung above one another , not all in a straight line in a white box of a room , ala the metropolitan is modern collection . i also think the furniture collection is pretty exciting and the teenie harris collection and project is fascinating . i will say , though , that in six year i wa never once moved to go to any of the special exhibition they hosted . i guess it is important to note , too , that the art and natural history museum are attached to one another ( and located in oakland ) , and one admission cover both . the fossilized dinosaur skeleton at the natural history museum are supposed to be amazing , but i od-ed on dinosaur somewhere around the second grade . still , the whole victorian super-museum thing is an experience .
pittsburgh is really lucky to have such a world-class institution like the carnegie museum . the museum complex is so big , you will likely need more than one visit to see everything . i believe the carnegie museum rival the smithsonian museum in term of quality of exhibit . granted , the smithsonian ha the hope diamond . i really enjoyed the carnegie is art section . their dinosaur fossil exhibit is top-notch . when i wa visiting the carnegie museum this summer , they were hosting the life on mar international art exhibition . they showcased a very interesting array of international artist that were on the cutting edge . a visit to the carnegie museum is a must if you are interested in either art or history and worth the admission price .
the pro : dinosaur in their time is pretty cool . the year of renovation were worth it - the former dinosaur hall is completely transformed . remember how everything wa in straight line and the dinosaur were up on their big pedestal ? now the exhibit is sort of s-shaped , the wall are painted with colorful mural , the support column are disguised a tree , there are plant around the dinosaur and dead leaf underneath . underneath every dinosaur is a nameplate with a lot of information and a touchscreen with even more information , including a section on how the carnegie museum researcher contributed to the discovery or naming of this dinosaur . there is a lot more natural light than i remember , and there are 2 balcony that overlook the exhibit for more photo opportunity . there is also an extensive timeline of the carnegie museum is expedition and contribution to paleontology , and a timelapse video of the renovations.the con : the rest of the history museum is pretty lame compared to this new and awesome exhibit . the biggest example are the 2nd floor hall of african and north american wildlife and the 3rd floor bird hall . big case of taxidermy in a wood-paneled room with dim lighting - hardly thrilling . the 3rd floor polar world is starting to look dated too . even the font used date the exhibits.admission is now $ 15 for adult , $ 11 for student ( free for pitt student ! ) . this doe get you into the carnegie museum of art also , but i am usually tired after doing the whole history museum so i never get over to the art side . i would recommend seeing the dinosaur , then skipping the rest of the history museum if you have been there before . the dinosaur in their time would get five star on it own , but the rest of the museum is lagging behind unfortunately .
i had a week off from work recently . i needed it to take a little break and i decided , what better way to get caught up on all the museum and cultural institution in the 'burgh ? to say that the carnegie is the pittsburgh cultural institution is indeed an understatement and a i live in nearby squirrel hill , i am so happy to have it within walking distance . although the day i visited , i rode my bike and parked it all day . ( note to yelp'er mike o. from park ridge , il -- i did not wipe out this time ! ) .i decided to spend the entire day at the carnegie , and believe me it wa worth it ! a emily h. say , the dinosaur in their time wa really worth it ! it went from being a stuffy , dull , `` stuffed and mounted '' exhibit to being a really neat walk-through one . the mural really give the exhibit a sense of time and place . the exhibit show how the plant , mammal , fish , and insect that surrounded them continue to evolve and create the biological diversity that surround u today.a long-time favorite of mine is the hillman hall of mineral and gem . i have always loved the bright color of the gem and could stand there for hour in hushed awe of these beautiful stone . the museum just added the wertz gallery of gem and jewelry to the hillman hall . the gallery ha an extensive collection of birthstones , giving the history of each and how birthstones came to be . the current special exhibit is the watch and timepiece from h.j . heinz , including a stunning music box and watch piece.but a much a i enjoy natural science , i really love art . the carnegie museum of art includes american art from the late nineteenth century , french impressionist and post-impressionist painting , and european and american decorative art . the heinz architectural is dedicated to the collection , study , and exhibition of architectural drawing and model . i particularly enjoy asian art and the carnegie ha an extensive collection of japanese print . one special exhibit that i really recommend will be there only until october 18 , 2008 and it is `` abstract art before 1950 : watercolor , drawing , print , and photograph '' . it consists of avant-garde work by european , american , and japanese artist . so while the admission fee is $ 15.00 , it doe include both the natural history museum and the museum of art . to get your money is worth , plan on staying a whole day . i did and i still feel like i did not see everything .
the carnegie museum of art ha a rich history in the art world that most people would not even know or appreciate . the world renown international exhibition are something worth making a trip to the museum for . this year is international wa very solid in it curator is ability to bring lot of cool artist to the show and have a theme . these show happen every 3 year a it take them that long to plan a show of that caliber . the permanent collection is not bad considering it is pittsburgh and not nyc . people are way to judgemental of cma is collection , do not forget you are in pittsburgh and not a major metropolitan with million of art folk . and the natural history museum that is connected is pretty awesome if you like dinosaur , probably one of the best dinosaur display i have seen in all my museum visit .
yet another reason that pittsburgh is so incredibly lucky . the carnegie museum are scattered throughout the pittsburgh area and include the oakland museum ( highlighted here ) a well a the carnegie science museum and the andy warhol museum . this three building complex ( the museum of art , natural science and history , and the carnegie library ) sit on an entire city block , lined with sculpture of winged siren , dinosaur and literary legend . complimented by the lush oakland landscape , right on the backdrop of the university of pittsburgh and carnegie mellon university , the locale delivers wonderful exhibition across most medium and provide a wonderful cultural and learning experience . i recently visited the museum to see `` horse , '' an exhibition in the history museum , depicting how this working animal ha influenced human culture . a very interesting and educational exhibit . with one of the largest dinosaur collection in the world , you could literally spend an entire day in the history museum alone . over at the art museum ( which join through one hallway ) the scaiffe gallery house work of rodin , monet , klimt , hopper and many others . there is something there for everyone - painting , etching and sculpture . and , do not miss the hall of art and architecture . this enourmous room house cast of early greek and roman building , a well a church and mission facade ' which can not be matched . if you are in town for the carnegie international , you are extra lucky . a one of the largest annual art show , the museum hand pick piece from around the world , showcasing leading contemporary artist . a must see . there is a cafe inside the museum , a well a a couple of gift shop . there are also several restaurant on craig street , adjacent to the museum . there is paid parking next door to the art museum . metered street parking is also available . the museum is largely funded through the carnegie foundation , and ha a huge donor program . annual membership offer great benefit .
so much to see ! i wa visiting pittsburgh for a weekend and wa wondering around , looking at downtown and my future school , cmu , when it started raining . i ducked in here , not really knowing what it wa and what to expect . i have only made it through 3/4 of the first floor but you can easily spend an entire day here and it might not be enough . i visited the architecture , gem and stone and rushed through the dinosaurs.none of the exhibit were too crowded ( on a sat ! ) , you could browse in peace and not feel rushed .
no offense to pittsburgh resident ... .but wow ! ! ! who would have thought pittsburgh would have so much culture ? it wa my first time in the city and i imagined ... well not this ! the natural history museum wa excellent . ton to see , and great exhibit . the gem were extensive and really interesting . the kid loved the dinosaur & indian exhibit . very interesting display on the inuit . the only exhibit that needed a little help wa ancient egypt . there wa very little to see and nothing a interesting a most of the other city museum with egyptian exhibits.the museum also ha a snack bar & vending area downstairs . inexpensive and great to grab a quick bite to eat .
i wa trying to decide whether to visit the carnegie museum of art or the museum of natural history , and decided to go with the art museum first . lo and behold , your admission ticket to one get you into the other at no charge , and they are connected so you do not even have to go outside . score ! so , two great museum for the price of one . the art museum , even on a saturday afternoon , wa not crowded . the gallery do not have the most intuitive layout , and i kept feeling like i wa missing something a i walked through the smallish room . still , it wa pretty easy to find the collection that most interested me . the photography exhibit ha some fantastic portrait and slice of pittsburgh history.the natural history museum , on the other hand , wa full of kid of all age running around among the dinosaur skeleton . i spent le time wandering the exhibit of gemstone and preserved animal than i had spent with the art , but still recommend checking out the badass diorama of north american and african wildlife.overall , a worthwhile diversion on a larger scale than you will expect in a city pittsburgh is size , with a bonus museum in the price of your ticket .
u lucky carnegie mellon student could get into this museum for free , sooo i managed to make it here once a year . looking back , i probably should have gone way more . the architecture of the building is so open , airy and bright . i love the layout and the gigantic staircase up to the gallery . my favorite part - the gigantic room with all the dinosaur skeleton and the last room in the art gallery with the modern art ... there is a really neat blue painting with concentric circle , which trick your eye into thinking it is breathing . crazy .
i love that you get into both the museum of natural history and the museum of art for one ticket.i love looking at the native american exhibit and the gem and minerals.whenever it come around , do not miss the carnegie international show . it showcase some of the best comtemporary artwork in the world . i absolutely loved the life on mar collection , and it introduced me to some really amazing artist . ( and i do want to say that , if you go to the museum often , it is really worth it to get a membership . it give you access to the two oakland museum , plus the warhol and the science center . i have had a membership for 3 year )
dinosaur and fine art , all for one price . this museum should be your first stop in pittsburgh.we spent a full afternoon exploring and came away thoroughly impressed . they have the best dinosaur exhibit probably in north america , including two t-rex is . the geologic and gemstone collection were also extensive.on the art side , there is a varied selection of modern and contemporary work , all well presented . there is several piece of note , nothing too special you would not find outside of ny , dc , or philly , but combine it with dinosaur and i am sold .
dinosaur ! ! ! i have never seen dinosaur before , so this wa a real treat . my family and i went on a thursday afternoon , which is the only day that they are open until 8pm . we were there for about two hour and that wa not enough . i wa very impressed by the geology collection , make sure you check that out !
the boy and i spent most of a day here . in the morning , we and his sister-in-law and 18-month nephew went through the natural history museum . the dinosaur exhibit wa , of course , the highlight . i wa also impressed by the bird collection . we were both a little disappointed at the botany display , which wa only one smallish room . i noticed that in a few of the display , card indicated that a certain number of artifact were supposed to be on display , but some had been removed with no explanation or updating to the information . or maybe someone stole them and the museum ha not noticed yet ! ! in term of natural history museum , i think we have been spoiled for all others by the field museum in chicago.we spent the afternoon on the art side , and only managed to get through a couple of the modern art display before becoming overwhelmed . there wa one film about migration in the modern art room which we both really enjoyed . i found the art involving the venetian blind and various type of light bulb to be fascinating . we spent the last hour of our time upstairs in the ancient egypt exhibit . unfortunately , there seemed to be a corporate event happening that afternoon which involved a scavenger hunt ; if you think that child is field trip and scavenger hunt are annoying , imagine a whole herd of businessmen and woman on a scavenger hunt , and not using their indoor voice , either.other than that , the museum were both quite pleasant and not too crowded . well worth the student price of $ 11 .
there are actually 4 museum in the carnegie museum group in pittsburgh . i will review the natural history and art museum in this review ( separate review for the warhol forthcoming . ) the low-down - for $ 15 you get admission to both the natural history museum and the art museum . it is well worth the money a you can spend hour on both sides.the natural history museum is a dinosaur lover heaven . the fossil are seriously awesome , especially the one that you see when you walk in ( that is still in the huge rock face . ) just a great collection and definitely a good place for families.the art museum ha some great item in it - the monet probably stand out for most people . i loved the `` chariot of aurora '' installation - a 32 panel wall that once graced the luxury cruiseliner normandie . there were plenty of gem in the modern collection besides the monet - loved the john singer sargent and the bourgerou . also impressive wa the hall of architecture and the hall of sculpture . these transform you into another place and time while you are there . i thoroughly enjoyed the time i spent here and would not hesitate to come here again . highly recommended .
what a great set of museum ! you have art , the natural history and the library all in the same building on a sprawling campus by pittsburgh standard ! ! it is cheap to get in ( it used to be by `` donation '' , but i am not sure if it still is ... you can also buy into a membership program ) and it is a really awesome way to spend an afternoon ! there is a cafe in the art museum ( and if i remember correctly , a cafeteria in the natural history ) that serf sandwich and the like.. there is also a nice sized gift shop . metered parking outside or a lot that you can enter near the entrance to the art museum is a great option . the building itself is impressive looking . enjoy !
what can you say ? just have a lot of time to spend ! because it soo packed with all sort of great work and exhibition ! dont for get to take art class ! especially if you have children- there are a lot of thing to do .
i will never forget the day i found out that archaeological `` elevator '' doe not really go a half-million foot below ground.do not want to be too dramatic , but , yeah - i wa never the same .
love this place ! i wa visiting pittsburgh from houston and we decided to finish off our visit with this museum - or should i say museum . coming from houston where we have some pretty good museum , this wa a pleasant surprise - really cheap considering you get both art and natural history.the dinosaur exhibit wa so interesting and educational . the gem and mineral exhibit wa huge . and the art museum had a surprisingly awesome collection - i wa thrilled to see a couple van gogh , monet , cezanne , etc.the only exhibit i did not much care for wa the temporary art exhbit - some contemporary craziness that involved body part dangling from the ceiling.. at least it gave u something to talk about.all in all i did not spend nearly a much time here a i could have and would have liked . i highly recommend this for anyone visiting pittsburgh .
i lived outside of new york for 7 year . we went to theater , club , restaurant , yet i never went to any of the museum or any of the tourist sight . why ? because i could do that anytime , right ? then i left and i look back and think , `` why the hell did not i go to the empire state building ? '' now , every time i go back to ny , i try to knock off at least one tourist thing and one museum , in addition to the usual list of restaurant , etc.i realized i wa about to fall in to the same trap here in pittsburgh . i have been here a year and eaten about about every conceivable restaurant in the city , been to most of the bar , but i have not been to many of the attraction that people talk about that make the city so great . so i have made a list -- a list of thing to do in pittsburgh if i were a tourist . and every saturday , i will do at least `` one cool thing in pittsburgh . '' today wa day one -- and today wa the carnegie museum in oakland.my first comment is , man , am i tired . that is one big museum . we started out by visiting the biennial exhibition -- a collection of pittsburgh artist . the work wa mixed -- the photography exhibition wa strong ; i wa a little underwhelmed by some of the other work -- but either way , it wa awesome to see the work on display and it speaks to the vibrant art scene here . the layout of the permanent collection is one of the most logical and easily flowing i have ever seen . and the collection , while not huge , are all solid . definitely the 'right ' piece for someone who want a nice overview of a period of time . we were already tired by the time we got through the second floor ( we never did go down to one ) collection and decided we had to at least check out the dinosaur . awesome.got some geological history on the way . by the time we saw the t rex , we were both in need of a beer . a we walked out , we upgraded our ticket to a dual membership . we will definitely be back.ca not wait to see what is next on the list .
pittsburgh is viewed by many a a 3rd rate city - it is most certainly not . the carnegie museum ( s ) and surrounding area alone prove what a great city pittsburgh really is . ive only visited this museum once , and i hate it when yelpers have one bad outing a their only experience and give a 1 star rating . grow up people.that being said - there plenty negative thing to say about this place . lot of wasted space . i wa astounded by the large area ( and time i spent ) wasted on replica ! it great for the child to see , dont get me wrong . but `` ok here some more fake stuff from 'a long time ago ' from the other side of the world . '' and the fake jemstones ... i just dont get why i would go to a museum to look at what basically amount to counterfeit . also , the day i wa there wa very empty , dead in most every area . that is normally a blessing , but at this place it give the nazi 'security ' staff member your personal undivided attention . they have a rule here that your backpack only be carried on one shoulder , and if you are wearing it properly on both shoulder they yell at you . i had 2 woman who ( after asked 2 or 3 time ) followed me around from room to room and stared at me waiting for me to move a strap off my arm ... .or course being an immature man-child i gave her what she wanted . `` that backpack look too heavy for you ! come down with me and check it in a locker . '' yeah right lady ... it wa baffling to me why they would insist on this a a huge deal , so i asked someone `` in charge '' later ( while i wa being rule-abiding one shoulder museum goer ) and she explained that `` people that wear their backpack correctly forget that theyre wearing them , and turn around abruptly and knock over thing or people '' ! ! ! [ oops i forgot that im wearing this on my back , and have now knocked over this fake inexpensive museum piece ] . i asked her if she realized it not good for the bag or your back to wear them incorrectly and she said the museum is more important than those thing . then - with my pack on one shoulder - i said `` oh ... ok '' then whipped my backpack around and hit her on the side , because i forgot it wa there ! ( immature manchild ) ugh . but it is a very nice place . beautiful on the outside and many cool painting and scultpures . quite resonable entrance fee . great location . they let you take photograph inside . it seems like it would be great for child .
i am from detroit . we have a decent art museum , but nothing this awesome.the carnegie museum house two very nice museum . natural history and art . the natural history museum is very impressive and it is cool knowing that all the specimen belong to the museum and they are not on loan from some hoity-toity new york museum . it is not huge like the smithsonian , but it is certainly cool seeing real dinosaur bone . my accompaniment had to stifle all my jurassic park `` mr. dna '' references.the art section is also quite impressive . i personally still prefer my detroit institute of art , but this museum is still nice . i got a little confused about how to walk around . i prefer my museum in chronological order , not cool to le cool , which is what this seems to be . the modern art is very cool , but after being at the warhol the day before , i had my fill of high-concept stuff . there is quite a bit of impressionism , which by scientific fact all woman love.this is great way to spend a long afternoon and there is plenty to do in oakland afterwards .
oh by golly there are so few review ! ! ! this place rock , flat out hand down rock . it is great for little kid and big kid , planning family trip can often be a challenge . especially when you have kid who are not close in age , well this museum solves that problem .there are also craft table normally set up in the corridor between the history museum and art museum . every year they do an art in bloom exhibit which i love ! ! ! where local florist will make arrangement to go a long with different painting or sculpture on exhibit , i have never seen anything like it before . if you receive public assistance you can get $ 1.00 admission for up to 4 people , and if you have a family member or friend who doe tell them , that is really a measure of good faith on behalf of the carnegie museum .
well susan the procrastinator had left yet another review pending for a couple of week ! anyway , my mom and i went to the carnegie museum of art to see the exhibit , `` read my pin : the madeleine albright collection '' . we went on march 4 , 2012 the day it closed . o ' but i am so glad we saw it , albeit at the last minute ! madeline albright ha always been one of my favorite woman in politics . in 1997 , albright wa named the first female secretary of state and became , at that time , the highest ranking woman in the history of the u.s. government . prior to that , she wa ambassador to the u.n . while serving under president bill clinton , first a u.s ambassador to the united nation , and then a secretary of state , albright became known for wearing brooch that purposefully conveyed her view about the situation at hand . she wa famous for saying , `` while president george h.w . bush had been known for saying 'read my lip , ' i began urging colleague and reporter to 'read my pin . ' '' in 1994 , saddam hussein is government-controlled press referred to then-u.s . ambassador to the un albright a an `` unparalleled serpent . '' she then wore a golden snake brooch to her next meeting on iraq , i wa really quite enthralled by the collection that secretary albright cultivated . a my guide say , `` the collection is distinctive and democratic-sometimes demure and understated , sometimes outlandish and outspoken-spanning more than a century of jewelry design and including fascinating piece from across the globe . '' some of the piece on display were fine antique , such a the circa 1880 `` blue bird '' . but many of the piece were costume jewelry . i guess my favorite piece wa `` liberty brooch '' . now this piece , circa 1997 by gijs bakker , is the head of lady liberty with two watch face for eye , one of which is upside down-allowing both her and her visitor to see when it is time for an appointment to end . a very clever piece , and judging by the others ' comment at the exhibit , i am not the only one with that opinion . mom really loved it too . so this wa a really powerful exhibit of an eclectic collection of jewelry . i strongly recommend reading the accompanying book , `` read my pin : story from a diplomat is jewel box '' , which you can get at barnes & noble or amazon . madeleine albright is an inspiration to woman in politics and government .
to start simply , let is just say i had low expectation . i mean , really i had only stopped in for something to do on a rainy day out in pittsburgh for work ( i mean after work wa done i swear ) . so i stopped in to see what the museum were all about , and i wa more than surprised to see the magnitude of serious work they have , the diversity of their collection , oh and dinosaur . two museum for the price of one really is a bargain , there is no way to not see that . the collection in both museum are interesting and vast.different people have different way of experiencing museum , personally i like to meander and find different thing at different time . i wa glad to see that i could definitely get lost here in different way on different occasion . but no review about art and dinosaur ( natural history ) is really going to cover everything the space ha to offer , so i will just say that you will not be disappointed , and who know maybe you will really love it . i know i did .
pittsburghers need to be proud of such institution . darren and i came here early last month and were amazed . the hall of mineral and gem is so pretty ! a girl could get lost in there alone . i also liked the exhibit of watch a well a the butterfly display . we did not have enough time to go through the art museum too much , but what i did see wanted me to return . i will love to get a membership here . hint , hint honey .
wa not the best museum i have ever been to but wa much better than most . i lijed that there were many different feature and lot of exhibit that you could touch . volunteer were knowledgable and friendly . with so much variety it would be very hard to not find something of interest . liked it so much that i think i am going to be a member .
totally incredible way to spend an afternoon with my family - these museum have it all ! since we have a family membership ( which i highly recommend ) , we typically pop in for an hour or two at a time , focusing on different area of the complex in oakland every time we go . our daughter seems to enjoy the dinosaur the most , but she is also intrigued by the art collection ! my favorite part is the hall of architecture , filled with many incredible cast of facade and sculpture . just the fact that they have cast of the venus de milo and nike of samothrace is unbelieveable - i do not think that casting of these timeless work of art is even allowed anymore . do not miss out on the basement kid is room , because it is full of hands-on activity for the young ones.we will definitely keep our membership current a the year go on - it is timeless , and always fun !
i love art museum and this is no exception . the maya lin exhibition that they had here wa quite impressive . for a little city like pittsburgh , this gem is definitely a must see for someone visiting . they have a pretty good exhibition and it is connected to the dinosaur section ! yeah , that is right , dinos . this place is great for your little tyke because they have a `` excavation site '' where you can uncover dinosaur . my friend and i tried to do a little excavation and my god - it is hard . you really have to put your back into it . after an hour we gave up and returned to our adventuring through the museum . of course it is no philadelphia museum of art but hey , it is pretty darn good too !
not many people can say they have wedding photo with jane , the tyrannosaurus rex at the carnegie museum , but our family can ! this museum wa not only a huge part of my daughter ' childhood with at least 1 visit every summer , our youngest daughter got married there . the carnegie museum will hold a special place in our heart forever ! the basic exhibit have been there since i did my school field trip ( a loooong time ago ! ) and there have always been special rotating one to check out and enjoy over the year . what one doe not stop long enough to realize a you are schlepping kid from place to place is the amazing architecture of the building itself . that is what became so apparent a the wedding wa taking place . the mural all around the wall and ceiling of the grand staircase area where the ceremony wa held are spectacular , a well a the marble column and staircase themselves . i had never had the opportunity to stand there and take it all in until that moment and it is pretty mind blowing how gorgeous everything truly is . the 2 typical place for social event at the museum are the hall of architecture , where our reception wa held , or the carnegie music hall . both are amazing event site . parkhurst dining doe the catering for event at the museum . yes , it is the catering division of eat n park which initially gave u pause until we did their tasting and from that point on we had no worry . they produced really spectacular food elevated far above what one considers typical banquet fare . everyone raved about their steak being perfectly cooked and everything arrived hot to the table . alice , the baker , did a phenomenal job on the wedding cake , too . i am not even a cake person and have to say that alice is chocolate cake with raspberry wa killer ! all the greek and roman facade in the hall of architecture had always given me goose bump when i walked in there over the year . imagine it decorated for a reception ! truly unique and wonderful . the carnegie museum is certainly a pittsburgh treasure to be enjoyed on many level both a kid and adult . and based on our experience , it is an unbelievably great place to host an event .
the staff were incredible and very helpful.dinosaurs ! gicometti ! carnegie international 2013 wa trip ! and to see ci from previous year ... it wa like a hot party that all the great one are invited to !
incredible . there is a massive art collection , terrific dinosaur exhibit , and be sure to visit the mineral collection ! there is so much to see , you will spend the whole day there ! a must-see if you are visiting pittsburgh !
awesome dinos and terrific tour guide .
at this point , i am done . i scheduled my kid for the last 2 week in august and then due to an emergency , i had to cancel , which i did a month before their camp wa to start . i wa told they were issuing my refund , and that wa 3 week ago . three week and i still dont have it . i live probably 30 minute from the museum and could have driven there 63838484848485858 time by now and picked it up . it just sooo unprofessional and annoying . they need to get their office together and deliver refund in a timely manner . 7-10 business day are fine but 3 week is unacceptable for it to not have even been mailed yet . so dissapointed and will never use them again .
in response to the response i received from the museum rep , i called and left a message and never received a reply a of yet , but you reponded on yelp . this week is the 3rd week . your response stated that my refund wa sent this week , if you are speaking about this current week , today is the 14th , monday and the week ha just begun . if you are talking about last week , can you please tell me what day since leaving message do not gain a response except to be contacted here on yelp . thank you .
it is the first time i have `` yelped '' anything other than a restaurant . however , after spending the better part of a day enjoying the art/natural history museum , i am branching out ... guess i am way overdue ! undoubtedly , there are plenty of bore who can not imagine a quality museum anywhere west of bilbao . pay them no mind . the range and quality of exhibit at the carnegie are rightly rich source of pride and accomplishment to the organization and pittsburgh . and , each and every staff member i spoke with wa courteous , helpful and obviously well trained ... something that is not always the case in many exalted european setting . if you are traveling with child you will appreciate the numerous interactive area created for the kid . pittsburgh is so much more than football , hockey and salad with hidden french fry ( tell me again why they do that ? ) . you will completely understand when you visit the carnegie museum .
lucky to have such a wonderful museum in the city i study now , i have spent so many hour wandering around the painting and the amazing fossil !
one ticket two museum for $ 20art museum ha monet , van gough , renoir.renoir water lily on display wa a treat . ha been in posession by carnegie museum since the 60s.bouegereau haymaker wa one of my favorite from the realism era .
this museum is awesome . there is two part of it : the natural history museum and the art museum . the price of admission give you access to both so come early if you want to see everything . it took me two trip to see everything here because the museum fatigue is too much.this museum is definitely worth the trip twice for me !
believe it or not , i wa planning on doing a review of this pittsburgh landmark before the big news that warren buffett is billion wa buying heinz . dear warren buffett , do not mess with my ketchup ! fact : heinz ketchup is used in 93 % of restaurant , nation wide ! the hj heinz company wa formed in 1869 when henry john heinz sold his mother is canned horseradish door to door . today heinz is headquarters are still here in pittsburgh , although no product are made in pittsburgh anymore . the plant at the base of troy hill near the allegheny river wa sold to treehouse food where they make private label soup . i will never forget going to the factory a a cub scout and how the vinegar smelled a we toured the factory . we each got a full size bottle of ketchup to take home with u , and of course a pickle pin , one of the most iconic symbol associated with heinz.again , mr buffett , do not mess with the red stuff or a whole gaggle of terrible towel waving yinzers will open a can of whoop as on ya !
heinz ketchup and pickle are terrific . it is not worth trying to save a nickel with watery condiment .
heinz product are a staple of the u pantry - even though the famous tomato ketchup is loaded with corn syrup - kid love it all the same . heinz `` 57 '' sauce , salad cream ( uk ) , mayo and bean are all good too .
pizza hut fucking owns !
estimated delivery time 45 minute actually delivery time 120 minutes.pizza hut , a pizza of last resort .
estimated delivery time from an online order : 120 min . called to make sure it wa actually out for delivery , guy say `` our estimated delivery time is actually 2 hour . '' i should have just picked up an hour ago -_-do not bother with delivery here . carry out is your best bet .
tuesday night- first of the month- the manager handled a customer on the phone complaint /request with one of the best attitude that i have seen in the fast food industry in a long time - def will be coming back
this is the worst location . order are consistently incorrect and rarely on time . asked for a refund due to order not even being made after 20 min
after reading all of these horrible review , i made the mistake of still ordering from this place . order placed at 6:12 pm , delivered at 7:36pm . order was:1 . cold2 . ordered 2 medium pizza , both thin crust , one pepperoni , one premium salami ... i received both regular crust one with sausage.called store , told mgr . the problem he said , and i quote `` the problem is our driver took the wrong pizza '' no shit genius . his remedy wa to have the driver go back and pick them up then deliver them to me ... really ?
first and last order . two hour and i am still waiting on a slow sunday night . indian call center said the order wa cancelled , local store said it wa out for delivery -- 45 minute ago . tick , tick , tick ... store is le than a mile away . made the 2nd call . this time they admit he is only left 20 minute ago . unapologetic and pitiful . now it is after closing time and i can not them to answer the phone to cancel .
do not order from this place ! really bad service !
food is ok but horrible delivery service . they called on the wrong number despite we have given the right one . hence did not deliver the food and when we called to ask if you can not we can pick up the food they said we are closed and you can not do carry out a well . horrible horrible service .
amazing ! great , handmade , homemade , italian-american food . the pasta is handmade , and you can taste how fresh and well prepared it is . the blackened shrimp is awesome , the sauce on most of the pasta is described a 'mama is gravy ' and it is a great red sauce . the lobster ravioli are great a is the gnocchi . the staff is great too . when it nice out , you can eat outside on the side . chef dan and family know what they are doing .
what a gem ! i do not know if this is a new place or people just have not heard of it , but my party and i came here . it is quite small but it wa byob and the food wa amazing ! i had the ahi tuna special and it wa fresh and delicious . everyone else seemed very pleased with their meal a well . i will love to eat here again if i had another chance to go to pittsburgh . staff wa also very friendly despite finding out i wa from michigan and a red wing fan .
this is my favorite restaurant in pittsburgh . the food is consistently amazing ( i highly recommend the blackened shrimp pasta ) , the ambiance is great for a casual or more formal gathering , and the service is tremendous . the price are also very reasonable . i literally crave the food from legend ... .you must check this place out !
so pittsburgh ! this is such a neighborhood gem ! we took my grandmother here for her 82nd birthday and had such a good time . nothing too fancy , just good 'ole italian food , made in the kitchen right in front of you .
i have loved legend since it first opened . superior food and good service . try it . this is the last restaurent i took mom to before she passed away . she loved it also .
decided to hit this place before hitting on 12 while the dealer show a 9 at the river . we did not have a reservation but the server seated u anyways ( we had to be done by 7 ) . it is byob but they deal you a $ 4 corkage fee per person drinking . the bread stick were fresh and warm and were the perfect accompaniment to the delicious soup du jour , potato soup . the side salad that come with the meal would make the hall of fame for any side salad league . it came with olive , gorgonzola , julienned carrot and other veggie . i had the pork tenderloin with veggie and mashed potato . the tenderloin wa perfectly cooked and the mashed potato were like having two ace in the hole . it would be tough to find a better waitstaff . plate disappeared , water wa filled , and i never knew they were there . if your looking for a place to try before going to the casino or bucco game this is a sure bet , just call ahead for reservation . they do have outdoor seating but the view wont show up on any postcard . p the 7:00 reservation called to say they were going to be late so we were allowed to relax at the table till 7:30 .
i took my parent here for lunch yesterday , so i could check it out for my sister . we are going to make reservation to have dinner to honor her later in august at legend . we all enjoyed our lunch . the staff wa great . i will make reservation on a weekend night . the place is small , i think i counted 13 table . there is outdoor seating a well .
very good home style italian ... very friendly staff . you should bring a bottle of red to go with your dinner ... worth it !
tasty traditional , not trendy and tempermental . green & bean rock ! dining here is a if your best friend invited you to tag along to sunday dinner at his chef uncle nino is place . byob of chianti to pair with the solid unpretentious food in a modest setting with a nostagic wait-staff . long before the open kitchen concept became a hot topic , this cook is line ha turned out many a quality plate over the year .
good food , friendly service . i would definitely go there again .
i definitely love this place ! a fantastic example of a little neighborhood restaurant just serving perfect hand-made food and getting it right . the food is so savory and just melt in your mouth . you can not go wrong with the special . my only complaint ( which are minor ) are that parking can be a bit of an issue ( street parking only ) and for the love of god , you need to make reservation ( they get a bit shirty with you if you do not ) . but these are so minor , i do not even think they affect my rating at all . the food is phenomenal and the atmosphere is wonderful .
awesome , cozy place . it ha a friendly , family style atmosphere . the food is consistently great . the server are inviting and seem genuinely happy to be there . i love going here on a whim . so if you are looking for a great new place to go tonight , try it .
it look like a diner , it is priced like a decent restaurant and it taste great.the idea here is simple you are paying for quality of the ingredient , not the table cloth or snooty waiters.our meal started with the fried motzerrla 7.95 . it came a 5 huge hunk of cheese , with a great marana sauce . this wa made in house , not frozen stick from a box , they come a large triangle . meal include a some great rosemary bread , olive oil and soup or salad.for my main i had the spinach ravioli in a pink sauce $ 15 . this wa a generous portion of homemade ravioli with enough spinach to taste and rich ricotta cheese . the sauce wa luxurious and packed with savory goodness.service wa fun and family like , the meal ended with a complimentary piece of homemade fudge.maybe this is not good for a 1st date but it good for a great meal or a casual 4th date for when the food matter more than the look .
another northside neighborhood favorite ! although the physical structure and ambiance leave a bit to be desired . the food and staff surely make up for it ! the staff is always super friendly , even when you stroll in late in the evening a glass or two of wine into your night . the food is all house made and truly delicious ! the virginia spot are one of my personal favorite . honesty anything you try you will be sure to love.it is byob but beware of the corkage fee per person .
food : menu will appeal to vegetarian and non-vegetarians , with daily dinner special , separate lunch ( sandwich ) and dinner ( entree ) menu , both soup were vegetarian ( according to the waitress , never heard of vegetarian minestrone before ) , i ordered penne with multiple veggie and a white wine sauce , it wa above average but not great , soup wa good , a bowl of bread stick wa on the table and replaced regularly , salad wa average size and qualityprice : dinner range from $ 12-18 with most toward the higher end of that range , not expensive , but the quality of the food probably deserves the lower end of that scaledrinks : byobatmosphere : sport bar-family restaurant type setting , with picture of athlete all over the wall , but better than sport bar quality food and serviceservice : waitress refilled water many time , wa on the ball and timely , answered all question about the menu ( + ) : good service , reasonable price , good but not great food ( - ) : nothing wrong with legend , but also nothing spectacularwould i go back again ? i would not drive to the north side to eat here , but if i wa in the north side , it would be at the top of the list , particularly if friends/family were at agh ( directly across the street ) .
i feel like i am being generous with my star allocation . but i also feel that i need to be a bit forgiving since i have been sick the past few day and my tastebud are a bit off . that being said the friend i wa with also did not seem overly impressed by the food , so i think i am being generous and the rating should be more like 2.5.i ordered the spinach ravioli and they were just ok . there wa way too much sauce and i guess i anticipated it to taste a bit more basily or something - it did say basil cream sauce , but what i got just seemed like a whole lotta tomato vodka sauce . the spinach and ricotta did not have much flavor , but perhaps that wa due to my diminished lack of taste these few day with being sick . all i could taste wa the tomato sauce and that to me doe not make a great or particularly good meal . oh and to top it off the $ 4/person corkage fee is outrageous .
so ... .what do you say when a highly rated place let is you down ? ? it wa okay ... .when a meal rock my world , i usually want to lick the bowl clean , yes , like a dog . i did not , sadly , feel that way about this place . it is byob but the catch is it is $ 4 per glass . yep , that is right , not per table my friend . keep that in mind.i got the green and bean on recommendation from many yelpers on here . maybe i just do not have the taste for it , but i thought it wa weird , watery and ... .not good . i also thought it wa going to be green bean and it wa kidney bean and spinach that tasted like a warm caesar salad . no thanks ... .i ordered the penne vodka , which is my fav meal to order at italian restaurant . i also like to add a meatball on if it is homemade . it wa , in fact , confirmed to be homemade so i wa all over it ! the meatball itself wa delicious . i love a bread-y meatball . you know the type . soft and packed with flavor . it wa the winner of the night . the vodka sauce wa good , but i wanted way more . now i have to preface this by saying i am a total sauce-aholic . i love me a good amount of sauce , this did not even come close . then i looked over at serena r is plate , and her ravioli ( which i thought wa the same ) wa swimming in it ! so i stole some of hers ... .would i come back ? if someone really wanted to . but i have a hunch there is way better italian place to dine at in the burgh ... so now i am on the hunt ! i got ta connect with my root , ya ' know ?
yay ! i finally got to try legend north shore after having the place booked mark for a few month now and so can cross this place off my list . after walking in , legend north star is small but homey which wa nice . the place wa not filled so we had our pick of table . our waitress were sweet and did not kick u out after we remained at our table to finish wine 30 minute after closing . legend north shore provides bread to munch on . crunchy airy piece that do not fill you up entirely before the entree which i so often do and they provide a bottle with seasoned olive oil ( which wa kind of oily on the outside ) . i tried the tuesday 99 cent green and bean special along with a salad and spaghetti and meatball . i wa not sure what the green and bean were but they were cheesy and salty but very watery . i thought they were tasty but confused if what i ate were indeed what green and bean were suppose to be . the salad wa fresh but nothing special , and i felt the same for the spaghetti and meatball ( made in house from the meatball to the pasta ) . i feel that when you go to an italian restaurant you can judge how well they cook based on classic dish . i could not stop eating the spaghetti and meatball though i felt full half way through . i thought the meal wa overall good though not anything spectacular and pricey for what it wa - ~ $ 18 ( $ 17 for spaghetti and meatball and $ .99 for the green and bean plus some tax ) . maybe if they knocked a few buck off to $ 13 or $ 14 or so it would be more reasonable imho . also point are deducted for the corkage fee of $ 4 per person , not per bottle . we were not aware so they basically made an easy $ 16 buck from the four of u at dinner .
small , overcrowded , unfriendly staff.the food is okay - typical italian fair that could be better seasoned . there are much better option nearby , but in a pinch , it is decent .
quaint and romantic with great food . i get consistently good service and there is a great neighborhood feeling that i enjoy about legend . really worth the visit .
i am taking one star off for the following . the restaurant is very small and fill up quick which make dinner conversation near impossible . to get the full enjoyment of legend i would suggest going during the week after the lunch rush . i am so proud to have this a a neighborhood restaurant on the northside . i have been eating here for 6 year and every meal is delicious . i normally get the grilled salmon salad you can smell the delicious aroma of your food cooking while you wait . this is a restaurant that you really want to spend your time at . the bean and green are so yummy too .
i am from out of town , and i have to say this place brings a lot of flavor and awesome hospitality . i love the creativity the chef is put into their food for u to enjoy . this is definitely a good place for a romantic date or catching up with friend .
this is our favorite restaurant , bar none . the food is terrific , the service is top notch , they remember our name and it always feel special when we dine there . i have never had a pasta special i did not adore . i truly feel like they are happy to see u when we come in the door and go to extra pain to treat u well and we are just an average couple who are not spending hundred . that doe not matter - we are their customer . we have been by for lunch which is very competitive price wise with nearby restaurant .
so if a restaurant is byob it ha an instant star in my opinion even it is ha a weird strip club-esque name ( legend , though ? come on guy ) . so one of friend and fellow yelper life in the hood so we decided to bundle-up , wine-up on a snowy friday night and head for legend . the interior wa more retro than i wa expecting , not extremely cozy . the menu is pretty standard with some rotating special . i decided on the chicken cacciatore . big portion . no pasta . potato and veggie . i wa stuffed ! ! besides byobs , i also have a weakness for restaurant that are walkable . check.pros : byob , friendly server , open kitchen , large menu for a small place , walkable . con : lame corkage fee , could use an interior face lift . overall : this a stable on my friend is restaurant rotation so i am sure i will be back sooner rather than later ! i am curious how this place will do with all the new development in the northside . i hope it only help them !
we made reservation for my mother is birthday for 14 . no one in my family had ever been to the restaurant ; we used yelp and trip advisor to find it . they were ready for u and everything wa fabulous . i had spaghetti and meatball . the pasta wa perfectly done . the kitchen wa great . everyone got their meal almost at the same time ( which is very hard for a small restaurant with a big group ) . the people were professional and friendly . the byob allowed u to have wine that suited everyone is taste . they did the pasta and non-pasta dish very well . this small restaurant is a gem in an up and coming neighborhood . we walked from the priory hotel on a beautiful march evening .
i go to this place about once a month for lunch and i am consistently impressed with the quality of my meal and the service . it seems like an unassuming cafe , but the food is way above average and the waitstaff is always friendly and engaging.usually , i will get one of their sandwich and i am especially impressed with their chicken parmesan panini . it is obvious that the ingredient are fresh and the bread is homemade . it is the kind of meal i would expect in an new york bistro , but it is right here in pittsburgh . overall , this is a great restaurant if you like fresh ingredient and good italian food . also , the conversation with the waitstaff is always so fun !
service is friendly and quick ! everything come at a timely manner and all the food is fairly priced . although it is a little small , it is really amazing ! the pasta is incredible !
ok so another winner in this neighborhood besides nicky is . the penna parma wa outstanding and the parm crusted salmon over whole wheat artichoke ravioli with a white basil sauce on special tonight wa a great combo and wonderfully executed . katie our server wa professional and personable and only added to our outstanding meal ... ..then there were the pittsbugh native seated nearby who were friendly and delightful to visit with . wow what a place . the only downside is that it a little tight inside and a little loud but do not let that stop you ! well worth the trip !
legend ... interesting name . with a name like legend , one would assume sport bar , but not so much . and i very much liked it that way ! let is roll into a pro/con list ... pro : -great , friendly service . morgan wa my server and she wa super fantastic . quick , efficient , sweet . she offered up helpful suggestion and even let me try a sample of the soup of the day before i placed my order.-homemade focaccia : mmmm rosemary ! tasty and free sliver of love to go with your meal . -portions : mammoth . from the bowl of soup to the pasta to the pie ... sharing is caring.-spinach ravioli : my main dish of choice . flavorful spinach and cheese pillow of pasta cooked al dente and smothered with tomato basil sauce with a touch of cream . damn good pasta , my friends.cons : -menu item price out a few dollar higher than similar italian joint . but , the value is here , though , because of the increased portion . -restaurant set up/ambiance : is a bit odd . it is kinda like a diner ... with bare table ... and carpet ... and a few random picture on the wall . -no booze , beer or wine . it is byo , but i did not see the corkage fee listed on their menu.overall , a solid place for homecooked italian eats . i would sprint back to legend just for that ravioli ! mangia !
how have i never been here before ? how have i never even heard of legend ? no more . i went here for lunch and it wa delicious ! the location = little scary , especially if you would go at night . the atmosphere = not top notch . the food = excellent . i wa very pleasantly surprised with my entire meal . the bread with the rosemary dipping oil wa quite good . the salad wa also very tasty . it had blue cheese and roasted red pepper which i can not get enough of and no iceberg lettuce in sight . i opted for the spinach and ricotta ravioli in a basil tomato cream sauce . it wa very good . not the best i have ever had but solid . lot of sauce to dip more of the tasty bread in . did i let it end there ? of course , not . i had a giant slice of apple pie with ice cream . the apple were sliced a little too thickly for my liking but it wa a darn good slice of apple pie and that is coming from someone who make an out of this world homemade apple pie.needless to say , i did not get much work done that afternoon because i could barely move .
this is a really small restaurant and is byob . the server are friendly and the food wa good . i ordered two appetizer ( small plate ) which were very good - green and bean and then muscle . the flavour were both good , but the muscle were served with multiple closed shell which for the small portion wa a negative . i do not have much to say about this experience ... .it wa just a-ok .
legend is losing a star . for being closed for lunch on saturday ! who doe that ?
ok , so based off the recommendation of my date , i thought that i would like legend north shore but i left dinner disappointed and in need of a mint to mask the over abundance of garlic ( salt ) that i had consumed.this restaurant is in a prime location on the north side and ha plenty of opportunity to capitalize on the growth in the area . that said , allow me to jump into some of the minus : bean and green appetizer - i love bean and green , but wa shocked by the amount of garlic the chef added . actually , i do not think it wa garlic ... i believe it wa garlic salt ( a huge no-no ) do not get me wrong , i love garlic , but there wa so much that it killed a simple , rustic dish.blackened shrimp pasta - my date and i shared this dish . this dish tasted a though an entire container of garlic salt had accidentally been dropped onto the plate before being served . the shrimp and pasta , however , were cooked well . had the chef backed off the garlic he would have presented a more edible dinner . i wa not in the mood to send this dish back to the kitchen , but did call this out to the waitress once our meal concluded.the restaurant is cute , in a great location , and service is friendly and prompt . these are all important thing to me , but quality and taste take precedence . unfortunately , legend just did not do it for me.would i go back ? most likely not . there are far too many other italian restaurant in pittsburgh that i would like to give a try .
this restaurant is a gem . wanted to check out another neighborhood in pittsburgh . to an ignorant outsider , north side did not seem much more sketch than south side or oakland . after picking up two bottle of red at wine and spirit on ohio street , my team and i got a table at the warm , homey legend of the north shore , where it is byob . for appetizer we ordered the margherita bruschetta ( best choice ) , fried polenta , and green 'n bean ( mainly because we went on a tuesday when they had a special deal for 99 cent with any entree ) . the focaccia bread is great with the homemade mixture of olive oil and herb . i ordered the mussel bianca over linguine -- terrific . also come with shrimp . the portion are generous but delicious , in part because it is clear that the tomato sauce are all made fresh and in-house . i tried my coworkers gnocchi -- good , but i wa quite satisfied with my own dish . my coworker who ordered the eggplant parmigiano really enjoyed her dish a well .
it okay , but it wa just ok . there is a $ 4 per person corking fee which caught u off guard . we were expecting that would be for the table.we started with the polenta and the mozzarella . the mozzarella wa unremarkable , deep friend mozzarella in breading . of course it wa good , it is fried cheese ! but it wa nothing special . the polenta wa a real stand out , tasted home made and wa delicious.they give you garlic olive oil and garlic bread stick to dip in the oil . this wa free so i am not complaining , but that just seemed a heavy and oily combo to me . also , the breadstick were covered in rosemary , and i loathe rosemary.my friend had the special , pan seared shrip over pesto penne , and she loved it . i had this chicken dish with apricot and it wa ... alright . it wa good but i felt like the searing on the chicken could have made this dish excellent.overall i would come here again but maybe i will stick with a staple like chicken parmigana .
we loved legend ! went for a date night this past saturday . food wa superb ( and reasonably priced for quality ) , service wa great , and it wa a really pleasant environment . we had a great time and i would highly recommend legend to anyone looking for a fabulous italian dinner .
legend is good ... but not special . it is just your typical italian-american restaurant , but with a shorter menu than most . huge portion of pasta , a expected . started with mussel diablo which were good , but we had a lot of closed shell . i had the penne alla vodka and the sauce wa good , especially with fresh basil leaf . the pasta wa a bit overcooked . basically , if you are italian you know how to make this food at home . that doe not make it bad , just a-ok ! the party next to u brought a bottle of grape pucker vodka and tonic water a their byob . hey , whatever work ...
very cool place to have a nice dinner . i always go for the mussels-delicious ! pasta is always fresh and tasty , too.friendly wait staff . this would be a five-star if they were able to serve adult beverage .
i wa out and about on a saturday afternoon with a good friend and we were in the north side area and he suggested that we eat at `` legend of the north side '' since he heard it wa good . we walked into the door and there wa a woman standing near the door and she shot u a look of surprise ( or frustration ) and asked if we had a reservation ? well that wa not the greeting i wa expecting and wa surprised at this question since the place wa empty but within a half hour i totally understood why.this small but quaint restaurant filled up very fast . this establishment is just lovely and wa clean and wa decorated for the holiday season . it wa cozy . the menu wa small but had something for everyone and the price were not too bad but it might be a little pricey if you are on a budget but it is worth it trust me . the service wa excellent.. we received beverage and bread within a moment time . our bread basket never remained empty either . we ordered the `` bean and green '' a an appetizer and it wa delicious . my italian mother make this dish all the time and it wa `` almost '' a good a hers - which is saying a lot . i had penne pasta with sausage , roasted red pepper , olive and artichoke . it wa very tasty but wa a bit salty for my taste ( think it wa the olive ) but still delicious . my friend ordered the walleye and wa very pleased . the tossed salad that came with my entree wa just the right size and everything wa fresh.fresh green and wa accompanied by carrot , red onion , feta , cherry tomato and olive . by the time we were ready to leave there wa not an empty table in the place . the restaurant is located on the corner at a very convenient location in north side with parking available on the street right outside the restaurant . getting back on 279 wa a snitch . the restroom door were so festive and unique that i could not resist taking a picture ! ! the restroom were also clean too.i love restaurant that are not `` chain '' and have their own flair .. and this establishment ha that ! i am very happy we decided to have dinner at legend of the north shore and will no doubt be visiting again ... bravo !
12/15/12 heard about legend so we thought we would give it a try tonight following our attending the musical christmas carol . we had reservation which are needed given the size of the place . maybe a capacity of 35 or 40 . we got seated right away . i ordered the bean and green and the bird ordered the mussel for appetizer . although i tend to like bean and green with sausage , they did not have sausage however they were really tasty . the mussel were a nice portion and also very good.the bird ordered the gnocchi with the meat sauce . again , it wa a nice portion and they were very good ! i ordered the tortellini special which also turned out to include the ravioli . ( a nice surprise ) .the dinner salad were also above average in that they included gorgonzola , greek olive , and cucumber . i wa not that crazy about the italian dressing but it wa still ok.price wise our meal wa around $ 80 which included $ 4 corking fee . however we saw on the menu if you present your theater tix you get a 10 % discount ! ( another nice surprise ) parking wa easy . on street a block away.all in all , a cool place with great food and great service.we will be back .
i have eat'n here a few time over the last couple of year and have been very pleased with both the food and service every time . i most recently wa there on this past saturday , which i do not recommend showing up on a saturday without reservation , we got the last two seat at the bar and were lucky to get those . we ordered the pasta special and it wa amazing . it wa shrimp and crab ravioli in a white wine sauce , cooked with asparagus , roasted yellow pepper , and mushroom . it wa probably the best ravioli i ever had . it wa topped with four huge piece of shrimp cooked to perfection . most meal come with either soup or salad , either is guaranteed to be delicious , and some bread served with olive oil for dipping . some other thing i have had that i really enjoyed were the spaghetti and meatball , the hot anti-pasta , and their fudge . everything ha a very home cooked feel to it , better than mom used to make . they also use the freshest of ingredient , the secret to any good italian meal . the service here is very good too , and very friendly . if you want a good home cooked italian meal and warm , friendly atmosphere , this is the place for you .
i ate here this past friday evening with my girlfriend and two other dining companion . i had made 7 pm reservation for u and we arrived shortly before that to a table that wa ready for u . the inside of the restaurant is actually much tinier than i had expected with a many people crammed in a possible . it probably wa helped that the night we were there , there wa a party of 10+ next to u . they would also order just before u understandably leading to some slower service time for u which i would guess is not the norm . other than it being crowded there wa not much else in the dining room to look , just some table and chair a well a some picture on the walls.for dinner my girlfriend and i decided to start of the evening with the polenta to share . it came out cut into piece and served with some sweet sausage and a pesto drizzle . i thought that the sweet sausage wa the best part of it with the polenta being ok while my girlfriend really enjoyed the polenta . for our dinner entree i ordered the penne vodka which came with a tomato basil cream sauce and prosciutto while my girlfriend went with the penne parma that had some artichoke heart , roasted red pepper , olive and sweet sausage in a garlic wine sauce . both pasta also came with salad before the meal and both my girlfriend and i ordered the house balsamic dressing . the salad came topped with many different thing and i thought that they were pretty good salad for being included in the meal . the penne vodka that i ordered ended up being really good ! it wa delivered when still at a fairly hot temperature and i really enjoyed the sauce . it is only peculiar item wa that the prosciutto wa almost off to the side and not in the pasta which i found to be odd but i still enjoyed it . even though i really enjoyed my pasta , i actually thought that my girlfriend meal tasted better . the garlic wine sauce on hers wa awesome and made each bite of her entrée that i had a treat.the bottom line for me is that i would definitely head back here again . i wa very happy with all of the food that we had and also loved that the price were good for the quality of food that they were serving .
legend of the north shore on the top 25 restaurant in pittsburgh list ? i would have to disagree . i joined a three dining companion for dinner on a recent friday night . when i walked in , i wa shocked by how incredibly tiny it is inside . we were crammed at a table next to a large party . our server wa very matter of fact and to the point . what i would expect eating at a dinner , not a nice italian restaurant . i decided to order the penne vodka with prosciutto and the wedding soup . the soup wa nothing memorable . i enjoyed the crisp bread ( foccacia ) and oil better . when the entree is arrived , i wa surprised that my penne vodka wa garnished with prosciutto . i assumed from the menu that there would be more proscuitto than a thin two inch slice on top of the dish . overall , the sauce wa very good . not too creamy , not to tomatoey . however , i enjoyed my husband is gnocchi bolognese much more . the gnocchi wa tender and the sauce wa flavorful and meaty . all in all , i doubt i will be heading back to legend . with so many great restaurant in pittsburgh , legend doe not make my list .
during our recent visit to pittsburgh , i really wanted to try this place again . our first visit last year wa great and there were more item on the menu i wanted to try . it did not disappoint ! we had italian wedding soup that wa wonderful and my wife just had to try to re-create this when we got home . their green and bean is a special treat , with lot of flavor -- an excellent side dish for my main dish , spaghetti and meatball . now i would not usually order this at most `` italian '' restaurant , but chef dan doe an excellent job with perfectly cooked pasta , a fresh marinara sauce , and a huge , tasty meatball . and to wrap up , i just had to have the caramel apple pie a-la-mode . i do not normally have dessert , but i have seen and had this pie before . yummy ! the warm homestyle atmosphere doe not prevent me from feeling `` special '' when i dine here . the staff treated me like family and i will be visiting again !
this wa my boyfriend is choice for his birthday dinner . we had both heard great thing , plus we love byob spot . i will start with saying that the service wa great . our waitress made u feel like regular that have been frequenting the restaurant for year . we both ordered special . they were different preparation of fish . both were really good . everything we tasted wa wonderful . the downfall wa when we got the check . the special were both $ 30+ . they were good - but not that good ! you can find great italian food elsewhere and skip the $ 100 tab .
stopped by for lunch and wa greeted by great-looking focaccia coming out of the oven . based on that view , i decided to have the eggplant foccacia . it came with homemade italian wedding soup , which wa good with fresh veggie . it also came with delicious bread and seasoned oil for dipping -- excellent ! the eggplant wa good , but honestly , the sun dried tomato and olive tapenade did not enhance the sandwich . it would have rocked with a homemade marinara instead . the waitress wa friendly in a casual way , and the atmosphere wa warm and contemporary . i will try something else next time , a it is worth a return visit !
great neighborhood italian . really excellent homecooked , delicious fare . tiny , cozy place . love the complementary homemade fudge - a nice touch .
we have been wanting to try legend of the north shore for a long time and since we were right across the street yesterday , we seized the lunch opportunity . it wa not what i expected at all . tiny i expected because i will seen it driving by many time . diner-esque inside , completely unexpected . i knew they are byob but after eating lunch here , i can not imagine any scenario where i will take more than a couple of beer with me . not a place to linger over a bottle of wine . table on top of each other , cramped and kind of a low end divey diner , uh uh.i wanted the mussel for lunch but wa told they were out of them . not terribly disappointed because our server had just run through the lunch special and one had caught my attention enough that i mentally considered changing my mind anyway . a fried zucchini plank sandwich with melted mozzarella and side of sauce . i do love a good zucchini plank and had never heard of anyone creating a sandwich out of them , so no hardship to change my order . that wa a greasy , good lunch sandwich ... .heavy on the greasy but , i have always loved some tasty 'fried deliciousness ! 'hubs had the sausage sandwich ... good ... but mine wa the clear winner.starter soup were homemade and tasty . hubby had black bean and i had the chicken pastine , aka wedding soup . the broth rivaled my premium homemade christmas chicken soup broth so no complaint on that . overall : ambiance 1star , mine and hubby is sandwich 3 star , soup 4 star . average is a 3 - not rushing back but i will clearly have lunch there again , if i am across the street .
i am pretty much committed to trying every byob restaurant around so this wa on my list for a long time . friend told me it wa not worth it but i persisted to the point that we went there for lunch yesterday . my first reaction wa not a pleasant one . the cheap plastic chair , the small close together table , the tacky decoration , not a good feel but i pressed on . now , i did not avail myself of the byob ( might have resulted in a higher rating ! ! ) and it wa only lunch so i can not comment on dinner . regrettably , i will not ever try them for dinner so this is the best i can offer . i think legend in their name only applies to the sport hero and not any legendary food experience you will find here . the place is essentially a diner . diner atmosphere , diner chair , diner special , diner everything . not that i do not appreciate diner , i do . but this atmosphere is blah . i will rate it a max of 2 star . max . food on the other hand is ok. not great . ok. worth going out of your way for ? absolutely not . i had the parma hot sausage with a bowl of black bean soup- both thing i love ! ! ! we are these memorable ? not in the least . it is generous to say they were adequate . `` mama is gravy '' , a marinara sauce of sort , wa lackluster and flavorless . the sausage wa just a split link of hot sausage and something i could replicate at home with ease . the black bean soup wa listless and uninspired . sad because i wa expecting ( hoping ? ) for so much more . i wish i had ordered the chicken parm that the guy pressing up against me from behind ordered . it looked way better . but i will not have that chance cause i will not be going back . i will drive by this place a thousand time to go to other more deserving place on the northside . sorry . did not do it for me . can not even imagine coming here for dinner with a bottle of wine . would be awful . i wanted to give it 2 star but felt a little generous today . plus , i thought if i worked down the block , i will probably come here for lunch . but never would i go out of my way to go here .
fantastic ! best veal parmesan i have ever had .
what a great place to stop for a good meal before a pirate game .
this is the kind of restaurant that let the food speak for it self . it is not fancy - the decor to me is very nostalgic , a i am a relocated pittsburgher . the special is usually the best thing on the menu that day . their price are a little high , but i think for the quality , it is not too bad . i love a good byob restaurant ... i go here a lot when i visit my parent , who live on the north side and i have never , ever had a bad meal . the service is usually very good . my only complaint wa that last time they were out of wedding soup and that is my absolute favorite : ) keep up the good work !
sat at the 2 seat right at the bar once you open the door . server wa fast , informative , and always quick for a re-fill.got the ravioli and chicken special at the waitress recommendation and it wa unreal . some of the best italian food i have ever had , disappointed i waited this long to try legend .
after reading some people review i wa not sure of this place . my boyfriend and i decided to go anyways . all i can say is , wow you people do not know food if you left a negative remark ! our food wa phenomenal . the service wa phenomenal . no it is not a super fancy place , but the food is incredible and very reasonably priced . our $ 56 dinner wa worth every penny . i had a special , he had ravioli is and we split a desert . amazing little place that i will 100 % go to again .
watch out for the cold table in the pit in spite of requesting a move , we were told all table were booked.of course that wa not true . price were inflated for a limited valentine day menu.i have been there many time in past , and raved about it to friend . never again , they are off my list .
been there three time and each time it got better . most recent dinner wa with a party of 14 . a large crowd for a smal place but they made it work . everyone wa extremely pleased with their meal . the lobster ravioli & salmon special were top notch . the service wa even better than the food if that is possible . best restaurant in the burgh & it is byob to boot . make sure you have reservation .
headed there for lunch today . great little place with excellent food . foccacia bread unbelievable . ... ... a must it is so good.panini sandwich are great about 8-10 $ s. includes cup of soup or salad . entrée s are from 10-20 $ . homemade desert good too . had a huge piece of apple pie . no price on menu turned out to be 6.95 $ .so not and everyday place . it is hard to get a 5 with me . go 4.5 if i could .
great dinner - hidden gem for lunch ! try the chicken parm sandwich . mama is gravy ... enough said !
great food- do not be fooled by the exterior . had a great lunch there . the antipasto salad wa delicious . enough lettuce and some antipasto thrown in to make it a great salad . i loved that they gave u complimentary fudge at the end of our meal .
do not listen to the negative review . yes it is a bit of a small dive , but we had a great staff and an excellent meal . highly recommend the vodka sauce and the pasta fagiole .
rated one of pittsburgh is best in 2012 i wa excited to enter legend and prepare for what wa sure to be an amazing meal . upon entering legend , you get the immediate `` hole in the wall '' vibe ( a vibe that i love ) with diner style table and chair . we started with the margarita bruschetta . this wa delicious increasing my already high expectation . our waitress came back- i ordered the penne vodka and wa excited , but overwhelmingly disappointed . the sauce , although good , is simply ordinary . i have been to countless italian restaurant in pittsburgh and could name at least 20 better than legend . had legend not received substantial praise i may have not been so disappointed , but when you are touted a one of the best i expect nothing short . to their benefit the restaurant is byob , maybe this get so much praise because everyone is drunk before their meal is served ... food c+ , service b-
if i could give this restaurant a zero , i would . we were just asked by our waitress to leave because someone with a reservation wa waiting for our table . my father and father-in-law were still finishing up their coffee and we had not yet finished our dessert ! i have never been so humiliated . do not go to this restaurant ! their food wa mediocre at best . if you want excellent italian in a small intimate restaurant , go to dish on the south side . i will not be going back .
i have been here several time and never disappointed . the food is very good and loaded with garlic .
a great little italian inspired restaurant right next to agh . fresh italian dish that surprised u with flavor . small interior and friendly staff make you feel welcome . they offer daily special . fantastic dessert and complimentary homemade fudge wa offered at the end of our meal . blackened shrimp pasta wa amazing ! mussel and shrimp linguine and spaghetti were also enjoyed during our visit . just go and enjoy !
solid little italian place ! the mozzarella triangle are awesome , and their sauce is bos . i had the godfather ( salami , pepperoni , prosciutto , and provolone on their housemade focaccia ) . it wa pretty alright ! my favorite part wa the top and bottom layer of salami that had been crisped under a salamander or in the oven , like a pepperoni cup on a great pizza . their focaccia is good ... better if dipped in salt , pepper , parmesan , and olive oil . others got the cajun chicken sandwich , the pasta of the day ( tortellini ) and fettuccine alfredo , and every single plate wa empty when the waitress came to clear the table . it is tiny and it filled up not long after they opened , but the service is fast and the food is worth it ! oh , and they give you fudge at the end of the meal . very homey feel to this place !
legend is a great place to go for a night out with your significant other , or a few close friend . the homey/intimate environment make you feel like you are in your parent living room waiting for a home cooked meal from your mom . of the 4 time i have been here , i do not have any complaint . the staff is friendly and accommodating . i am usually not a fan of getting chicken when i dine out , but the chicken romano and chicken cacciatore are on point . chef dan is green and bean are delicious a well , and i can not complain about the warm focaccia bread they bring out before dinner.it is byob , so make sure you bring your own bottle if wine . there is a small corkage fee , usually around $ 4 a person . they have some sort of special going on every night during the week . monday is couple night which is dinner for 2 for $ 30 , tuesday is .99 cent green and bean with an entree , wednesday there is no corkage fee , and thursday is lady night . be sure to make a reservation if you can , weekend fill up fast.all in all one of my favorite dining spot on the north side for a special occasion .
we went on valentine day . there wa a special menu for the day.the table are on top of each other , so it is definitely not a romantic place ... but the food wa good . the noise level is a little no the load side , at least where we were sitting.had to have the bean & green with italian sausage ... .tasted great ! had veal that came with some nicely cooked and fresh veggie . a very good meal.we split a desert , that we were told are made in house , that wa very good.byob a plus+ ! we enjoyed our meal and had very good service .
very good . friendly service , my mom would say it wa too plain , i say it wa just perfect . i would totally recommend this joint to my friend , and would definably bring my girlfriend here . next time your in pittsburgh , give it a go . the shrimp were large and impressive
we do not often get back to my home town of pittsburgh , pa so this trip wa a real treat with our visit to legend of the north shore - a highfaluitn name for sure a it is just the plain old north side when i wa growing up . down home and delicious is how i would describe legend . cramped and not pretentious - it is all about the food which is delicious for sure.this will be a regular stop whenever we are in the burg for sure . do not let the area scare you away - well worth the trip and the hassle of finding a parking space that is not restricted . just go there and enjoy !
i checked this place out for the first time on a saturday night . we got seat at the bar just inside the door and thus had a good view of the whole establishment . the atmosphere is unpretentious with a friendly neighborhood vibe - there were obviously lot of happy regular . the food wa great from start to finish . we started with the hot antipasto and the green & bean , which were perfectly seasoned . my dining partner , who ha a le adventurous palate , wa very happy with her spaghetti and meatball . i got the halibut special , which wa flaky and tender with a delicious apricot chutney , served over arugula . we decided to split a house made cannoli for dessert , which wa warm and gooey and just plain yummy . i will definitely be back !
i love legend ! my friend and i frequent there often ! the food and service is always wonderful ! love that it is byob ! my favorite is their spinach ravioli ! i live in the war street so it is so convenient ! my 2 friend are having their rehearsal dinner here and i know we will not be disappointed ! thank you legend !
i stopped here after a long day of house hunting . it is a small place but ha a pretty nice family like feeling to it . i could tell there are alot of regular that come here because there wa alot of first name basis going on . they bring out bread with this delicious olive oil and seasoning to start you off . the salad were pretty good from what i remember . the entree were completely satisfying . i got the chicken fettucine alfredo and it wa pretty good but nothing to write home about . the legend is not the best italian food i have ever had but it wa damn good . the dessert wa amazing , all seemed home made and we even got some complimentary fudge after our meal ! if you are in the area it is definitely the best italian food around but like i said it is not the best ever . 4 star for legend !
i have been here a few time and it is always great ! great food and great service . i am going to a rehearsal dinner here soon and i can not wait !
went for the first and last time tonight . made reservation for 3 . restaurant thought we said 2 and acted like we lied . $ 12 corkage fee for 1 bottle of wine . asked to leave when we finished eating , because they needed the table , on a thursday night . food wa ok , but not even close to making up for all the other problem . i can easily get a good meal elsewhere for those price , with better service .
love the `` cozy '' atmosphere . they keep it simple but the food is delicious . i have gone a few time and have had great service each time . only complaint is that the price can be rather expensive for the basic , especially since the portion are on the smaller side ( $ 18 for a small bowl of alfredo with little chicken ) .
legend is a an old style american-italian restaurant . the restaurant is so small and they have a problem with managing customer . people who came in with reservation waited for at least 20 minute to get seated to their table . other people who walked-in were seated immediately if they promise `` to eat in le than an hour '' i guess they have reservation for other people for the same table but they want to get customer anyway . i wa able to witness all of that because i wa seated on the bar table which ha the cashier/host . the food wa le than average . i tried 3 different order + dessert , nothing wa impressing .
first time here . my parent raved about this place and how great the spot are . we arrived at 6:45 in a sat night and were promptly seated at our table.we ordered an app and unfortunately this is where our problem began . they brought mussel instead of our mozzarella stick . but this wa quickly corrected . they were fair . we had the brussel sprout which were under cooked and did not have any parmesan cheese on them . plus they were mixed in with large random piece of lettuce . so odd ! i wa actually looking forward to the special . ribeye topped with shrimp . but unfortunately they had already sold out of the special . amazing since it wa so early on in the night and nothing else in the menu looked good . it wa all traditional oily food . plus who can not make a veal or chick parm . it is the easiest thing to make . my parent had the spot and the portion wa sooooo small and came on an plate all by itself . i give them a 1 for presentation . the best part of the meal wa the wine . oh yeah it wa byob . so i guess i did a good job at picking out the wine . haha . service wa nice and friendly . and she did apologize multiple time about the food . but did nothing to make up for it . will not be back anytime soon .
legend is that nice neighborhood restaurant that i probably forget about too often . simple italian food at a good price . it is also byob which is a bonus !
liked this place , felt like eating at a relative is house . low price . last time i wa there , i ordered the lunch panini special , very good but not great . i would recommend this place for lunch if you were looking for something causal
make reservation , byob , the food is awesome , the menu is always fresh , love the personal feel , great dessert , always a great meal
good food , nothing too `` amazing '' , a bit overpriced for what they offer , but a good little quaint place to eat . salad looked very nice , although they were stingy on the dressing , also only have 2 kind of dressing ; balsamic and ranch . soup could have been a bit more full in the cup . i had the fettuccine alfredo , and it wa in all honesty an average meal of fettuccine , wa not too impressed with it . but hey , if you are looking to try something new and do not mind spending a few extra buck , give it a try !
i spend a lot of time on the north side , so i will been meaning to try this place for a while . my boyfriend and i went in on a tuesday around 7:30 pm , and we were the only people in the house . the food : i tried a house special dish of the day - it wa a blackened flank steak over penne with pepper , sun-dried tomato in a gorgonzola cream sauce . the dish wa excellent , the right combination of sweet , salty , and savory , and the steak wa on point . it came with a house salad that wa a delicious blend of fresh green with olive , pepper , tomato , the like . it also included grilled bread with a bottle of olive oil and parmesan cheese for dipping . my boyfriend ordered the veal parm , it also tasted great , but it wa nothing outstanding . tuesday is there `` green and bean '' for 99 cent special , so we also gave that a whirl . it wa decent , lacked some flavor , but i would not order it again . the staff : service wa excellent , our waitress wa attentive and answered all of our dumb question . you can also see the cook making the good , all around they seemed pleasant . the ambience : we were not aware this wa an `` upscale '' italian restaurant ; from the vibe , the name , and the decor , you will think standard pittsburgh food . true to the name `` legend '' the wall were lined with your staple pittsburgh sport news clipping . the whole place wa tiny , so the table and chair followed suit . i would by no mean have minded the ambience of the food matched the theme- but it wa a $ 20 average plate place , and i would have appreciated the vibe to match . they also placed terribly loud , out-of-date pop hit i could have lived without . even silence would be better . all around , the food wa great , not excellent , but overpriced for the setting and ambience . i would recommend and i may go again . also , be weary - it is byob with a $ 4/person corking fee .
our first dining experience here caught a bad night at the restaurant . this time , our night out wa very enjoyable . reservation worked . service wa friendly . we were not rushed out . food wa plentiful and very good . and bonus , wednesday night is free corkage night . i will be back .
update : chef dan read my review ( below ) and wa kind enough to refund the meal . a stated in my original review i should have sent the meal back right away , so that part is on me . great quality customer service . when i go which is probably about a half-dozen time a year for the past several year . i usually just order the bean and green . this past friday evening i did something different , i ordered the special which sounded divine . blackened ahi tuna with two different kind of ravioli asparagus and mushroom topped with artichoke heart covered with a cream sauce . well when the dish arrived i thought it wa my dinner companion is meal because all i saw at first wa the ravioli . my friend wa confused a well because she thought the fish , the tuna wa replaced with salmon , wa an unripe tomato . it wa in fact the smallest piece of salmon i had ever been served in a restaurant barring a piece of salmon sushi . my friend joked that maybe because i wa wearing a kimono jacket they thought i want a bonsai salmon . now i blame myself for not sending it back , this is what i should have done . now it get worse . the bill come , my dish wa $ 36 . sticker shock and disappointment to say the least . given that the entree at legend is are in the $ 18-25 range i thought that the high-end of that range would be the price of this special . ah well legend is if i do return i will go back to the bean and green . if you go and are tempted to order the special , ask the price .
fantastic restaurant . close seating , must make reservation because it fill up . byob . and my meal wa delicious . maybe it wa the atmosphere because it wa an anniversary dinner for my husband and i , but i adored this place .
good food , nothing too `` amazing '' , a bit overpriced for what they offer , but a good little quaint place to eat . salad looked very nice , although they were stingy on the dressing , also only have 2 kind of dressing ; balsamic and ranch . soup could have been a bit more full in the cup . i had the fettuccine alfredo , and it wa in all honesty an average meal of fettuccine , wa not too impressed with it . but hey , if you are looking to try something new and do not mind spending a few extra buck , give it a try !
great spot if you are looking for a quality italian meal . food is always fantastic and consistent . highly recommend the chicken parm - large portion and very tasty . byob is a nice bonus . good spot before a concert or sporting event . be sure to make a reservation .
been here a few time . decent place that always rate 3-4 star
the best place in the world . i love the special board but always come back for momma gravy . service is experienced and super nice . chef dan ha an open kitchen that you can watch him create . you will love this place . p save room for his home made desert . actually home made !
wonderful neighborhood italian restaurant . byob . food is delicious and many dish are family recipe . green & bean are the best in the city ! a is the hand made spaghetti & meatball with mama '' s gravy . desert are also homemade so save room ! service is very friendly which suit the atmosphere . i love this place so much , i had my wedding rehearsal dinner here 12 year ago . they have never missed a bear !
wonderful neighborhood italian restaurant . byob . food is delicious and many dish are family recipe . green & bean are the best in the city ! a is the hand made spaghetti & meatball with mama '' s gravy . desert are also homemade so save room ! service is very friendly which suit the atmosphere . i love this place so much , i had my wedding rehearsal dinner here 12 year ago . they have never missed a beat !
those who know , know this is the place to buy your case of beer . the price are low and the tax is included in the price tag , but the best reason to shop here is sam . he is a character , know a lot about beer and is a really nice guy . first time we stopped by , he invited u into his shop and stock area and we talked for quite a while before departing with some real good beer . sam caruso ha a story for almost every occasion and the beer to match each occasion . a real pittsburgh place .
caruso is is the best place to buy beer ( and pop and snack and smoke ) on the northside by far . hidden in it original spot in the mexican war street , caruso is is a home away from home . he ha a wide range , from cheep crap to really really good stuff . if you do not see it he will try to get it in . you can go and just hang if you want a well . dog welcome . family owned since 1930 and sam ha been there for 40 year . do yourself a favor and stop by .
if you are looking for a wide array of malt liquor and/or ice beer caruso is is the place for you . aside from their vast selection of high alcohol drink they have a pretty decent selection of unique beer and all of the standard you would hope to find at a distributor . the price are good , sometimes a $ 1 or $ 2 cheaper than other place .
went here for the first time today , when i told sam i had never been there before , he gave me a free beer and then showed me around the back . i am not too familiar with beer price in pittsburgh , but he seems to be a few dollar cheaper than the place on north federal st. sam offer to order anything he doe not have on hand , but seems to have a decent selection readily available . limited hour , most weekday open 2-6 so call ahead if unsure of hour .
the best thing about this place is sam . the worst thing about this place is also sam.what wa great wa that sam made me feel at home and treated me like someone he had known for a long time . he took me to the back of his warehouse , gave me a free beer to drink , and engaged me in plenty of conversation . at one point , though , he said , `` you look oriental , but you also look american . '' i am pretty sure he wa not meaning for it to be offensive , and i just discounted it a his being an old man who did not know it wa no longer politically correct to say thing like that.this is not why i recommend against caruso is , however . the reason why i will never go there again is because sam knowingly sold me expired beer.i wa on my way back from the north side to the east end where i live and after seeing these good review , i decided to stop by . i wanted a case of yuengling , but sam said , `` why do not you try this instead , '' and popped open a fresh bottle of castello , an italian beer . he had me drink it , all the while espousing it comparative taste to yuengling at a cheaper price point . it certainly tasted alright , and a case of it wa a couple dollar le than what yuengling wa going for.since the castello tasted fine , i ended up buying a case of it on sam is recommendation . a few day later when i opened the box and drank a couple of the beer , however , i noticed that they tasted funny . that is when i looked at the label and saw how each of the bottle had it `` sell by '' date marked out in black sharpie . you could see the number underneath the sharpie , and the date were for well over two year ago . so basically , sam had convinced me to buy something he had not been able to sell , knowing that i lived in the east end and probably wa not going to visit again anyway.stale beer aside , there is another big reason not to go to caruso is : their price are steep -- $ 24 for a case of yuengling . while sam might be a more charming character than the young folk at my neighborhood distributor pistella is , at least i know that pistella is ha significantly lower price and actually ha enough customer and product turnover that they will not purposely sell me something that is not fresh .
the owner is an amazing guy . the place is not open all week but the beer is super cheap which is an excellent fine .
owner is very friendly and knowledgeable . he invited u in right away to view the selection in the back . he also said he can order any beer that he did not have in stock . could not be more happy with my experience there and my victory sampler pack . got home and realized victory ( who hand pack their variety case ) doubled one of the beer and left out another . i brought it right back and the owner swapped my case no question asked . definitely go here .
it help that caruso is is is rock throwing distance from my house , but even if it were not , i would still love this place . sam , the owner , ha been running this family business since 1968 . if it is your first visit , he will give you a great history of the neighborhood and show you a bunch of old photo of the place . he keep a good selection of beer in stock , mostly case but sometimes can sell you a 12 pack . anything that he doe not have , he will special order for you and call you when it is in . there is always a few choice of gluten free beer and cider for those celiacs amongst us.the hour are thursday - saturday from 2 - 7pm , although sometimes sam stay later if he is busy . he doe not have a huge online presence , so give him a call if you want something special or have question about the hour . he is a total delight .
i will keep this short and sweet : come on wednesday night for cheap beer and an all-night banjo performance . it is not the typical 'party atmosphere ' you will find in most other bar , rather it is a civilized break from the norm.yenglings are $ 2 , and an assortment of craft beer are on special a well . ( everything is cheap if neither of those peak your interest ) polka dancing & such ensues , but do not expect any chick to be here to 'pick up ' . the average age is around 62.definitely recommend !
come on wednesday night for cheap beer and an all-night banjo performance . it is not the typical 'party atmosphere ' you will find in most other bar , but rather it is a civilized break from the norm.yenglings are $ 2 , and an assortment of craft beer are on special a well.polka dancing & such ensues.definitely recommend ! disclaimer - i think this may be a private club and only open to the public on wednesday ...
the banjo club ha been in residency here for many year every wednesday night . it is an open rehearsal and sing along , with no cover charge . on first and third thursday night you can hear the jazz conspiracy , a 15 piece big band , a free swing lesson and lot of swing dancing , all for a $ 7 cover . it is an authentic big band sound and a fairly nice dance floor , you really can not lose . . otherwise the elk is a private club , you would need to be a member to get inside . there is a beautiful retro appeal to the club , with a long bar and a hard working barkeep . the drink are inexpensive , especially if you get the special ( $ 2 do equis draft , for example ) . if you are looking for faded glory and straightforward this is definitely the place to find it .
i wa the last person in the world who thought i would ever attend an event like banjo night . it is actually the banjo club is rehearsal time , but you would never know . you can sing along , polka , or just hang . apparently , it is every wednesday night from 8-10:30 ! you need to have a reservation or get there early , and this place get packed ! there are long communal table a well a a bar . they have standard bar appetizer for under $ 5 , craft beer for le than $ 5 , and a food special . our particular wednesday , it wa $ 2 taco . banjo night is so cheap . the fried mozzarella stick ( $ 3.50 ) were good , but i did not care for the jalepeno popper ( $ 3.50 ) . we also saw a bunch of nice craft beer for $ 3.50.the banjo club is mostly an older crowd with a few younger people tossed in . it is an experience , and it wa super fun .
the most dysfunctional subway i have ever been to . i am in outside sale and eat at subway at least once a week throughout the pittsburgh area and surrounding.i ordered a tuscan chicken salad and you would have thought i asked them to paint the sisteen chapel ! the fountain drink are cheapened by le syrup and more soda water . the sweet tea is also cheapened with hardly any sugar.the only redeeming quality is the young girl who work here . she is very polite even when asking a peer for help with ringing up my order . the peer got all up in arm about how they never trained them to do that . the young girl politely asked for a moment , sought out who i believe to be the owner/manager and came back promptly with a solution.i do not expect much from subway to begin with and this location is a far cry from bare minimum .
i always have a good experience at this location . even when it is packed at lunch time they get you in and out a quickly a possible . service is always good . everyone that work there seems to be happy and that they like their job . the ingredient are always fresh and tasty . there is even a small but , clean seating area if you want to dine in . my only complaint is how the parking lot is set up . there are two different entrance but , only one exit that is next to the drivethru line . if the drivethru is backed up then you have to either wait or go out of one of the entrance which can cause an accident .
the food is fresh . the current crew will not greet you with attitude . fast service . if there is no response at the speaker in the drive-thru , pull up to the window . want a ton of onion ( or your other favorite veggie ) on your sandwich ? just ask , and you shall receive .
doe not honor national sub day offer . they tell you just a you are about to pay . too late to back out . wtf ?
awful . i did not know how bad it wa until i went to a different ge and saw how good it could be . the line are long , the produce selection is minimal , and the store is overcrowded.the last straw wa yesterday when the cashier blew her nose , stuck kleenex up her nose , then put it back in her pocket and continued to scan grocery . when i complained to the manager , they denied any of their employee were sick.i am done shopping at this store .
this giant eagle maybe the worst supermarket i have ever been to . there are thug hanging out by the entrance and in the parking lot . the interior is dark and dank and ha an outdated `` made in the 70 '' feel . with option like this i do not have a problem taking the extra time to drive to trader joe is .
scariest/shadiest grocery store experience in my life . hubby and i pulled in only to see a few car down , people selling who-knows-what out of their car trunk . also this is the only giant eagle tht give you a really hard time if you ever forget your advantage card and give your phone no instead ( it work at the other one just fine ) . then we leave by waiting for a really dazed/swaying woman to finish wandering around back and forth in front of u , and pas by a drive-by fat cash exchange ( drug ? ) on our way out of the parking lot . we are definitely scared to return , and will never need grape ( or any other grocery ) so desperately again .
the store reek of rotting fish , the security guard watch you like a hawk and the food selection is the worse i have seen in any giant eagle in the city.one plus if you must shop here there are plenty of jitney driver waiting for you to come out to offer you a ride . that can be a big help if you are like me and do not have a car . `` need a car '' haha some thing about living in the hood just never change . with this being the closet g e to downtown and pnc park and heinz field i would think they would renovate but it is been year and still no change .
awful . worst grocery store i have ever been to . to make it worse , they are supposed to open at 7 . at 7:10 , i wa told they were `` still getting ready to open '' and i should come back `` around 7:30 ''
the store ha a weird rotting meat smell sometimes . the selection is not amazing but there are a few interesting item here . a other people commented there are always people hanging around outside ... . but they are friendly at least to me ! one thing i like about the store is the proximity to my house . the biggest let down is the sky high price that i think ge is notorious for ... i miss kroger
it is close to my neighborhood , hence the 2 star . but seriously , it is like walmart stuff at whole food is price . for the same item , it charge substantially higher ( ~40 % + ) than target -which is not even known for cheap grocery . i still go there because it is close , and i go for specific item on sale so it is not bad . but overall the store is way too pricy - for no good reason ! which is probably the reason it get on my nerve the most ! over the year i have frequented many pricy grocery : andronico is ( can ) , morton williams ( ny ) , wegman ( md ) , and whole food everywhere - and these store all had one common quality : they carry nice stuff ! when i want to cook pretentious gourmet food , they have every ingredient ready . i do not expect every store to be cheap and carry good stuff like trader joe is , ergo i wa never the one to oppose store just because they are pricy . but this one is just pricy unjustifiably . you can over charge me on truffle oil and duck confit , but i am not happy to be charged double on corn syrup and canola oil . same brand , same item , nearly double the price . even the cv downtown do not overcharge a much so do not say this is for the location . this is the definition of a rip off .
so i got a call from giant eagle asking me to give my opinion of this store . my recommendation wa to burn this place to the ground . buckle up for crappy produce , rotten fish , old meat , and security guard that speck you be stealin ! this is the gh**to eagle !
the only reason to shop here is that going anywhere else is out of your way . the price our worse than other ge store and i wonder why . the produce is not very fresh and the meat never look good . the store never look very clean . i wa hopeful a couple of year ago when the store wa refurbished and it wa nicer for a while but now it is back to it is old way . i have friend that refuse to go there because of the scary parking lot where people sell `` thing '' out of their car and at the driveway exit . if there is outside camera , the pgh police should take a look . i wish there wa an alternative to shop in the northside . kuhn off brighton rd is about the same except the price are better .
ok -- i need to stick up for this store after reading these other review . i live nearby and have shopped here multiple time a week for the past year or so . i find this store to be consistently clean and the employee to be helpful , polite , and efficient . despite being much smaller than most giant eagle store , this one offer a decent selection of international food , organic product , and vegetarian/vegan item . i regularly buy produce here and see no difference between the quality/freshness of what this store offer and what other giant eagle store sell . the main difference in the produce section is , truly , the lack of dim , directional lighting that new and newly renovated store use to give their produce that false garden-fresh glow . harsh overhead lighting doe not create much of a mood , but at least i can see clearly enough to choose the freshest items.as for all the remark about this store is clientele ... wow . it is amazing how people in the politically-correct 21st century manage to find new way to express 19th-century bigotry . all the comment about `` thug '' and `` bum '' and `` ebt card '' ? why do not you just say what you mean ? better yet , just stay in the homogenous suburb where you can buy your mood-lit grape among `` your kind . `` no , this is not the world is greatest grocery store . yes , i sometimes fantasize that it will close and a trader joe is will move in . but it is not the terrifying , stinking hellhole full of rotten food and sneering employee that these other review portray it to be . in dozen of trip here , i have never had anything but an ordinary , inoffensive shopping experience . do you really need more from a small , neighborhood grocery store ?
it wa not a horrid a the review would lead you to think . just do not expect a gleaming suburban-style mega-mart and you will be fine .
i hate to agree with the other poor review of this branch , but this is definitely far from the best eagle in the city . i will say upfront that i never felt unsafe the three time that i have been here . however , the quality of the produce from my experience is pretty poor . the line are always long and take forever to get through . furthermore , the stuff in the bakery and goody are below par . i will recommend stopping in another giant eagle if you can . however , this location doe have a redbox , which is nice .
i have had a lot of bad experience at this store . the employee have been rude so much that i just expect them to roll there eye when i get deli meat . line are long , and there is always a crowd of people hanging out front begging for money , cigarette , or trying to sell their food stamp . i have filed a complaint with corporate about this store before and i wa contacted by a manager . i do have to say , that this manager really , sincerely care about this store and customer experience . i talked to him for 20 minute and he wa polite and friendly . his name is mr. youngblood , and he urge you to ask for a manager if you are having a bad experience.produce selection is terrible , there is not a meat counter in store , and it is just feel dirty . this is the only grocery store on the north side , so it is not a easy to `` just go somewhere else '' sometimes when you get off work , you do not want to drive 10 minute to go to kuhn on mcknight .
such a shame about this place . i moved here a couple of month ago and wa not sure about the neighborhood yet , but giant eagle is the only grocery store around . i have only been there once and i will never , ever go there again , even though it is literally a 2 minute walk away from me . i wa harassed in the parking lot by shabby , scary people who looked like they belonged in a mental institution , had toothless scary freak corner me and beg me for money and cigarette , saw a number of what must have been drug deal , and overall i felt very unsafe . the store itself seemed really outdated and stinky . i do not know if the stink wa emanating off the customer or the food . can not something be done about this ? like , have security guard or a police officer monitor the area ? it is really bad that they allow the drug deal , sex offender , and scary people to linger all over the parking lot . i realize every city ha it `` character '' , but every potential customer is safety is very much jeopardized by allowing this shit to carry on and doing nothing about it . get it together , giant eagle .
why all the hate for this giant eagle ? sure it is not in the ritzy part of town but they have everything all the other giant eagle have . i have never gone here and not found what i needed . do not be scared of people just because they are different than you . this giant eagle get the job done and is fine by me ! btw the charmingly ghetto picture is hilarious and we will fitting ! bravo !
this is a small , franchise-owned location that caters to the predominantly low income household in the area . selection is quite limited throughout the store with limited quantity on the shelf of the item they do carry . because of the area in which it is located , the store is not 24-hours a most giant eagle is seem to be . the pharmacy inside the store , unlike the store itself , is corporate owned , and it is staff is friendly and efficient . a stark contrast to the rest of the store.once again reflecting the relatively low income of the area this store serf , there will be one of more jitney is ( unlicensed cab , effectively ) waiting outside the store willing to take you and your grocery home for a small fee . in general , if you can shop somewhere else , you will probably want to .
it smell funky in here . on a positive note , it usualy fully stocked and there is an indoor redbox . my debit card number were hacked by a skimmer at the shadyside get go . every last dollar wa spent in 1 hour at a bed bath & beyond so i barely use redbox.. and if i do it ha to be at an indoor location like this one . the skimming can still happen but i feel a little more at ease.oh and their check cashing system is hit or miss . it different from other ge is so they use their own system . the last two time we were here , the system declined bobby check . waste of time . i dont even bother coming here anymore . all bad news .
went to this store today and it wa worse than usual . jitney were all parked up in the handicapped parking space because it wa raining . the one guy wa walking back to his car next to me and a he pulled his key out of his pocket a baggie corner filled with some brown stuff fell out right in front of me . i had seen him pocket something from a man that sits at the driveway exit . he did pick it up really fast . then i saw a young man in a tie from the store go over to the guy that wa selling this stuff and they shook hand and were laughing and yacking with each other this is in the middle of the day . i am too scared to shop there after dark .
it is upsetting that this giant eagle is in disarray . the shelf are not stocked well , and last night there were broken bag of loose food in the frozen food section . this neighborhood deserves better ! the location is convenient for me , i just wish the store wa cleaner and better managed . i have stopped in several time when the store is closed , the hour are not a expansive a many of the other giant eagle that i shop at .
if i could give this place zero star i would . there are never enough lane open , food on the shelf may or may not be expired and the cashier are downright miserable . i will not even get into all the shenanigan going on the parking lot . i just left here where they closed a lane i wa already in line for so someone could take a smoke break , meanwhile there is a line all the way to the pharmacy . the only bright spot are the guy who bag you grocery who are always super friendly . i wish the north side had another option but we do not . giant eagle should be ashamed of this establishment .
an honest , good , old-fashioned barber shop . the barber really is named dave and he is a down to earth nice guy . always pleasant , i usually just walk right in .
dave is barber shop is good old fashion at it finest ! ! ! ! the convo wa perfect , sport and everything in between ... .cut and price also very nice ... .
a local gem on the north side ( deutschetown ) providing quality dry-cleaning service . the two regular lady at the front counter are super nice . their bos , however , is not and lack customer service skill . lucky for u ... he is hardly ever around.check or cash only.overall , pfennig is is reliable and will do a good job handling all your dry-cleaning need .
best cleaner in pgh . ! if you have quality clothing , and want your clothing to look beautiful after being cleaned go to pfennings ! ! ! excellent service !
so i take my 501 is to # pfennig cleaner on the north dide in pittsburgh the way i have for 6 year . not every week but when i know it is time to get them dry cleaned . i took 5 or 6 pair ... ..3 i can still wear , 2 i can not even button them up . i knew something different happened . they shrunk so terribly that i felt it only right to ask them to reimburse me for the jeans.the owner mr . pfennig , get on the phone when i called and said ... ... whatever ... ..excuse me while i scream ... ... i work in a department that save customer from leaving because of financial issue , service issue and rep who are rude to customer that have been with u for le than the 6 year i wa a customer at this cleaner . if i said whatever to a customer more than likely it would get escalated , customer would disconnect service or with the new guideline ... ..fired i would be.it get better ... ... i walk over to the cleaner to speak to them and show them the work they did and wa further insulted by me . pfennig when he said well my wife doe not remember you and you brought these in on the 4th of january ... it is the new year maybe your body changed . if i wa 18 i would have beat his as over that . like who go from 38 is to 42 is in 7 day ? i even showed him the same size jean that were done correctly and he still would not visually acknowledge that the cleaner shrunk my clothes ! i told him that 2 pic , a hashtag and twitter would fix this . it is a new day and age and for someone who support small business to be treated and talked to this way is no longer acceptable.the sad part of this wa i would have continued being a customer if he had reimbursed me $ 90 for 2 pair of 501 is that i purchased on sale from macy is . i see the one thing that stand out in these review is the owner lack of customer service skill . i will never give them another penny and the money i spend going elsewhere will be worth it. # badcleaners
horrible customer service ! owner take no responsibility for ruining clothing . he will blame everyone else before apologizing . i may not be the highest paying customer but i deserved at the very least an apology .
by far the best dry cleaner in the city of pittsburgh.i can not count how many time pfennig is ha provided excellent customer service , had my order ready the day they said it would be and the work wa simply perfect . when i read yelp review like the one provided by ed r. of canonsburg , pa who whine about poor customer service and leave a negative review and fail to provide specific about such `` bad customer service '' it lead me to believe that the review is bogus , fake or simply a competitor who relies on leaving such negative review because their business is not up to snuff and business like pfennig is actually do a great job of serving the public and provide a quality service that provides value.pfennig is is a local independent business that doe what it take to insure a great experience and value for the $ $ . you will not regret using them .
peanutz is a perfectly good neighborhood bar on east ohio street . their beer selection is adequate ( basically all the american macro lager , plus a few of the more widely-known craft beer , like sierra nevada ) , and their bar is stocked with the full gamut of booze ( except ouzo ) . trish , the bartender , is a fantastic bartender with a hilariously sharp tongue.i have not tried very many of the menu item , except for the chicken wing , which are a house specialty . everyone recommends the four-dip sauce , which is pretty good . the cajun rub is good too.decor-wise , peanutz is focused largely on pittsburgh sport -- there are two large display case with all sort of sport memorabilia . there is a handsome wooden bar in the front room , and a dining room off to the side .
i went here on a saturday night with a few friend . they had a dj so there wa a cover of $ 3 - boo ! i am really adverse to cover unless there is something really great going on and considering i had never been in this place before , i wa taking a chance . for those that know me , i am not the gambling kind . but i thought ok it is just $ 3 so it is not like i will be going broke . the music wa fairly loud which made it difficult to talk and no one wa dancing . it wa not overly crowded which made it easy to get drink . am i glad i checked this place out - sure , but have i been to better dance clubs/bars - yes . if you are in the area and looking for something to do , then check it out , but i would not make a special trip to go here .
get me some peanutzz ! ! we decided on a whim to try something different for a bar and this place indeed wa . saturday there is a cover for the dj which wa $ 3 . this did not seem so bad to me after coming from other city where the cover are $ 15 and $ 20 and higher but i feel like the place could use the money . peanutz is a small venue . the bar area is narrow and cramped then to the left of it there is a dark area where the dj is along with some table and then the stair to the bathroom . if you were not at the bar then people were just sitting at the table starring at the dj or at you ... maybe one or two people were dancing to the music . i thought the music wa awesome though - a mix of old school and underground hip hop . beer were so cheap - i think we paid $ 5 for three draft beer . woot ! ! however some folk were smoking and the bathroom were gross . my jacket took a few day to air out the smell of the smoke . i will not be returning even if peanutz offered some peanut .
i am a pretty easygoing guy . i would have overlooked the fact ( s ) that:1 . jim beam is your only bourbon . 2 . for some reason two drink came out to $ 9.90 . * 3 . even with only 10 people in the bar , the music wa absolutely deafening . 4 . you charge a $ 3 cover for no discernible reason.5 . rolling blunts is apparently kosher inside the bar , but sharing , not so much.however , i can not let this slide : your claw machine is bullshit . that is the weakest claw of all time , and there is no chance it is ever picking up anything in that cage . i feel violated , and i want my dollar back . ___________*i think that is some sort of weird pa tax thing .
to start , the bathroom are disgusting , with that being said i would never eat anything here again . this is a neighborhood bar for me . i have been in here a handful of time , the crowd is never rowdy or out of control . the bar area is clean and the restaurant ha a very nice mellow atmosphere . i normally only drink coor light draft which are 2.75 ! ! ! that is a lot of beer for le than 3 dollar . i have had the wing in the past , before i saw what a disaster the bathroom were . they fry their wing to order and they come out hot and fresh . the patron are a older work crowd , not too may youngster here . i have enjoyed myself here and will probably be going back again this weekend .
i have been here a few time . can not beat five dollar coors light pitcher ... the crowd tends to be black . i tend to be white . and obviously from out of town . people are friendly . it is just a neighborhood bar . people talk to each other and have a good time . the food is well priced and good . the music is going to blow your ear up , if you care about that , do not come .
our bartender did not know what a pint wa or how to pour a beer
a walk-up shop that ha excellent choice in coffee that are rotated weekly that are also usually available for purchase by the pound . very friendly staff and a wide selection of snack , soda , juice , and various baked good . lunch food option are also rotated but usually feature a combo deal featuring a soda . ( the italian hoagy are great quality ) . no public restroom due to location but do not let that stop you from getting a cup on your visit to the north side . reasonably priced . fun atmosphere .
the cool bean kiosk is so fun . a a local , i just wish it wa open on night or weekend . their coffee and espresso drink are delicious . i believe at least some are nicholas coffee brand . they also sell homemade/locally-sourced ( or they are fooling me ) breakfast sandwich , bagel , pastry , biscotti , etc . and have chip and other snack available for purchase . i have never been there for lunch , but if it is anything like breakfast , then you are in good hand . the baristas are quirky yinzers who are genuinely entertaining , even in the wee early morning . price are also reasonable for a small shop . if you are a coffee drinker , i recommend asking for a plain latte with cinnamon . it really make a difference .
you know the saying , `` but first , coffee '' that is me . every single morning . now , if you have read my profile , you know that i am a proud cheapskate . there is no shame in my game of saving dolla ' bill , ya will . that being said , i usually make coffee at home but once or twice a month i will splurge on a delightful half-caff soy latte . cool bean is conveniently located in the bottom of my work building but even if i had to walk across town , it will be worth it ! first- cool bean brew nicholas coffee & tea company , a well respected & deeply rooted company in the pittsburgh community . they have rotating flavor and an excellent selection of specialty coffee drink . they have a wide variety of flavored syrup and a few sugar free flavor . i have not personally tried the food they offer but during a recent conversation with a barista , i found out that most of the food is homemade ! the menu is also rotating with fresh offering such a : pepperoni roll , meatball sub , pulled pork sandwich , tortilla soup , cooky & muffin . the price for food & drink are very reasonable ! trust me : ) to pair nicely with the food & drink choice , the staff is incredibly personable ! even though i do not stop down often , one of the main baristas remembers my exact order ! now that is great service and quite the memory ! so , my yelping friend , next time you need your morning cup-o-joe or a mid-day pick me up , skip the starbucks line & head over to cool bean !
i have not been a member of the allegheny ymca for very long , but i have had a great experience so far.the building itself is on the older side -- i will guess it is probably about 100 year old . the equipment , however , is pretty modern , and many of the room have been retrofitted for modern gym convenience such a air conditioning . the allegheny ymca ha the following features:1 ) a room with cardio machine ( some traditional elliptical trainer , some of the newer breed of elliptical trainer that are like a mating between a stair-stepper and an elliptical , rowing machine , and exercise bike ) . most of the cardio machine are only about a year old and have those weird little tv mounted on top , so you can see barack obama is mouth silently moving a you get your workout.2 ) a basketball court with a track on top of it ( 28 lap = 1 mile ) .3 ) a spinning studio.4 ) a pretty decent weightlifting room , with a good balance between weight machine and free weight . there is also a good range of free weight , so a weakling like me and a strong man like the dude i saw with biceps bigger than my waist can both use the weight room.5 ) a pool that is not olympic size , but is big enough to get in a decent workout by swimming lengths.6 ) secure access to the woman is locker room ( a well a to the fancy men is locker room ) .7 ) a group exercise room . group exercise class are included in the membership fee , and the instructor are really nice and also inspiring/motivating . there is a good range of class for all age and fitness level , including pilate , yoga , water aerobics , spinning , and cardio kickboxing.the membership fee are pretty reasonable here ( a family membership for 2 adult and 2 child is $ 58/month plus a $ 125 joining fee ) , and if you are employed by upmc , you get an additional discount.most importantly , the allegheny ymca is a very welcoming place , regardless of your age , gender , or current fitness level . gym can be intimidating if you are not in the greatest shape to begin with , and some gym have member who are not kind towards woman who are not super-fit or super-skinny . but at the allegheny y , everyone i have met ha been extremely friendly and nice to me , which is the best incentive to keep going to the gym .
i am still giving this y five star because i like the other patron and the atmosphere so much ; i just want to re-evaluate the place now that i have gotten way better at various activities.the cardio room is still really , really good . i have never had to wait for a machine , and the machine are quite nice and new still . the weightlifting room is also totally adequate , with pretty much a full complement of machine ( older , but still serviceable ) , and a good assortment of free weight and related paraphernalia , including a smith machine and a regular good ol ' power cage . there is not any platform for olympic lift , and i have not seen anyone in here perform them ( there is not a lot of room , so i am not really sure how one would even go about powerlifting safely in this gym . ) however , there is a bucket of chalk in one corner . go figure.the pool is fine if you are not really hardcore into swimming . if swimming is a major form of exercise for you , however , it might not be the best pool for your need . it is a four-lane pool , i think 25 yard long . it is heavily chlorinated , and it tends to be quite warm , especially on monday morning ( this is because kid with sickle-cell anemia use the pool on sunday , and the water need to be especially warm for them -- it ha not cooled down yet by monday . ) since i am at pitt , i have access to the pool at tree hall , which is superior by any metric , so i use that instead.i like this y quite a lot and would not consider switching , even though there are newer/fancier y is in the area .
four star - not because the facility itself is stellar , it certainly need update and could use more space - but the staff wa so friendly and helpful ! the atmosphere wa inviting and communal , really nice to see a y that is still a full mission where men can stay and get on their foot . and art class ! and dodgeball ! and i had a great workout in the gym .
old building charm with a great atmosphere . the community in this gym is awesome . group ex is included in membership , personal trainer are not pushy . sliding scale monthly rate ! they actually seem to care about the community in here , it a nice change of pace .
great place to go for a cheap lunch if your in the area . steves is a great local dive for burger and dog . they are a great alternative to hospital food if you work at or are are visiting someone at allegheny general hospital . they offer burger , hot dog , grilled cheese , chicken and ham sandwich , , blt , kielbasa , fish sandwich and fry . burger start at $ 1.00 and hot dog start at 93 cent . you can add chili , sauerkraut , cheese and jalapeno to their hot dog . there is a small counter to eat at but most people get their food to go . the food is great and the price are even better . cash only !
the owner are great and have been serving me hot dog since i wa in middle school . they do hot dog right . at steve is new york hotdog what you ask for is what you get . i would be devastated if they ever closed down shop , but from the look of steve is is doing just fine.during the lunch rush the line could easily stretch out the door.regularly i get the double dog platter . which is two hotdog an order of fry and a drink . any topping you want is already included in the price of the hot dog . they have onion , chili . cheese , pickle and the list continues . the hamburger here are thin and of the frozen variety and lack any seasoning on the meat . the fry are always fried to order . steve is also serf breakfast . i think i will go have lunch there today.the location of this hotdog ship is situated on an area of federal that is a tad questionable . but new development on the street are making the area more inhabitable . the interior of the restaurant is shappy and dated but there are stool where you can eat at the counter , but le than 15 , so if you eat here it is more of a to go place .
awesome spot to grab a dog for a buck . nothing fancy , must standard ingredient and friendly service .
best place in the city to get a dog
classic north side staple . the food is made to order , the service is fast , and the staff is great . my stand order is hot dog with onion and a side of fry . but the grilled cheese is also exceptional . the lunch line can be unreal , so i usually just stop for dinner on my way home from work.cash only .
unfortunately , steve is is closed . no indication of it moving anywhere , it is just gone . so sad . thought they were the best in pgh for the price .
i am not really sure how to go about this review . my nail look great and a full set here is $ 25 . they do hand-painted french manicure which turn out really nice . $ 5 extra per polish color . i am going to also say that this salon is not for everyone . there are no peaceful water fountain and no soothing music . actually , the only music playing during my visit wa `` drunk in love '' by beyonce from the grammy is via laptop . ( although i am sure everyone can admit that performance wa hotttt . i did not mind watching it again ) i wa in & out in a half hour , 35minutes and kim did a very nice job on my nails- i would personally recommend kim . the other nail lady wa texting while working on someone is nail . even though the girl wa only 10 , she might make that a habit . oh no no no . i stopped in because i always ask my ( only 3 ) friend in pittsburgh where they go to get their nail done , and they all have answered `` nail today on the north side '' again , this salon is not for everyone . however , if you are pressed for time , money ( a quick $ 30 & you are good to go ) and can handle the ( sometimes loud ) clientele , try them out .
it is hard to beat a mani pedi for $ 35 . i wished they were open later than 6:30 . just do not inspect the salon too thoroughly . service wa quick and satisfactory . i will likely return .
the worst customer service ever ! ! ! ! ! ! ! when i told my stylist which design i wanted , she proceeded to say that the stat would not look right on a shorter nail . she then offered to do a freestyle design on my nail which wa horrible i did not like it at all . i told her then that i change my mind that did not want to design and she got a attitude when i asked for my money back for the design . she could not talk to other customer about the predicament comparing our situation to one at the restaurant . i will never ever come back to this establishment because not only do they do poor work they are rude and disrespectful .
i normally do not do this but i am so disappointed . if you care about your natural nail , stay away from this place . the polish should be soaked off not filed off and the polish should last for at least two/three week with shellac . i had it done friday afternoon and needed them repaired by saturday afternoon .
oh hell yeah , for a restaurant on east ohio street i think it is pretty damn good . the fried chicken wing are delicious seasoned good and taste just like mama make . on my last visit we got fried chicken for take out . the order wa fairly big too . i come from a family of six , we must have had 40 wing . lillen is handled the order well . i am all smiles.do not be deterred the inside is little run down . lillen is could use a face life , but hell the fryer still work and that is all that i am concerned about .
this is probably not the place for a romantic first date . it is a little run down , but it had an old time diner feel . i ordered take out , so my priority were the food and the timing . they have all my favorite in addition to typical pizza place food - namely reuben and gyro . i went gyro tonight . they told me 20 minute , and my order wa ready within a minute of 20 . that is important to me . the gyro were good . not authentic greek restaurant good , but for a pizza place i wa more than satisfied . the bread wa so good , i can not wait to try their calzones . i tried pickle one night , which is on the same block . there is no comparison . lillens definitely will join my rotation of place that give me a few brief moment of pleasure during the stupidity of my chosen field .
i do not eat at this restaurant very often . the food is okay but what is nasty about this restaurant is they let horrible smelling homeless people eat there.there is this one guy who come into this restaurant & smell like he shit himself & he smell extremely horrible ! i am glad i do not eat at this restaurant very often .
i tried the calzone tonight . it wa fantastic ! italian sausage with pepper and onion . what i liked most wa that it wa cooked perfectly . done the whole way through , but not overdone . glad i went .
i ordered fried chicken for my work holiday luncheon and it wa delicious ! ! ! ! it wa seasoned perfectly . i will definitely order from there again .
i really wa not thrilled with our meal here . the service wa fine , although a bit slow for a not-so-busy wednesday night . we started with the breaded zucchini , which wa about 90 % breading , 10 % zucchini . the breading wa much too heavy and you could barely taste the vegetable.i had the parmesan crusted chicken with pasta , which seemed to be coated in the same breading they used on the zucchini , still too heavy and altogether flavorless . the chicken wa cooked perfectly though , it just needed some spice and salt and pepper for goodness sake . the pasta wa cooked well and the sauce wa fine though . my husband wa not thrilled with his pasta primavera , which wa , strangely enough , very spicy ( though the server did warn u about this beforehand , to her credit ) and again , not much flavor and many of the veggie not cooked thoroughly .
better than soho down the street . fairly original menu . reasonably priced .
stay away ... we have been 3 time over the past few year , each time we say `` let is try it again '' followed by `` wish we will done something else '' .reminds me of the movie line `` run away , run very far away '' last nite after steelers/jets wa last straw . i hope the owner or general manager read this . and think the health department should too.service is mediocre and slow . consistently . waitress wa ok in attitude.after our soup starter ( good french onion soup ) we waited and waited and waited and waited for our main . noticing u staring at her , waitress stopped by , went into kitchen , came back and said we were next . my watch said 8:31 . then her manager came by and argued with me and said we were next , then at 8:52pm the horrible food finally arrived . that is 21 minute to be next . in that time we watched 4 table turn from being seated to drink to main to check down while we waited for our main . manager embarrassed himself . said they were busy and working our food and he had checked and would come soon . i told him about the 4 table turning and he said no they did not . then i said i used to manage restaurant and know what customer service and ticket time are and he challenged me and said no i didn ; t and i had no idea what i wa talking about . what an idiot ! first rule of restaurant business is the customer is always right.then the food arrived . how hard is it to do chicken marsala with mushroom , seriously ? it wa two soggy fried chicken tender from the deep fryer ( not pan sauteed ) over a bowl of bowtie pasta with shrooms and a sauce . while the sauce did have some marsala in it , it wa full of sour cream and tasted like stroganoff and a little funny . the penne ala vodka wa sauteed canned tomato and no flavor . we were so hungry we ate most and left.1 hour later i wa sick on the side of the road from the dinner and still feel really rough this morning .
i have been to atrium location around the city - but this wa my first time at the atrium is location at pnc park on the north shore of pittsburgh . my young professional group had an event there last night , so it wa a good chance to check it out . our event wa held upstairs , and since we had a small group , they would not guarantee the private room downstairs . it worked for the most part , but those of u that sat in the back had trouble hearing the speaker , and the light were dim . the noise from the diner downstairs plus the house music carried through and at time it wa very loud and hard to hear . i would say that it is a good place for a group dinner , but not for a speaking event . i can not comment on food/drink a i did not have any . the atmosphere is nice but i wa not too impressed with the layout of the whole place . did not see to have a good flow to it . also , the bathroom upstairs where our event wa were out of order , so everyone had to go downstairs to use the restroom .
solid if not fantastic italian food . but the best part is it is right beside pnc park . it is fun to sit outside and listen to a game going on while you munch . the seafood wa much better than i will have thought for such a touristy spot . sometimes you just hit a place at the right time in the right mood , and everything work out great -- you get exactly the kind of food you were hoping for , in a relaxing atmosphere and you just feel happy . this wa the case when my wife and i had dinner here with my son on the first day of one of our trip to pittsburgh . oh , and they have a good beer selection .
the food is good and the portion are large . the service is terrible . the server are just `` too cool , '' to show any sort of hospitality . no personality or spark . i do not know if they hate working there or hate serving people . it is puzzling . why be in the service business if you have a bad attitude ? i have been here a couple of time and it doe not change . they just look at you blankly , like they do not understand what you are saying . i have never had a staring contest with a hostess before . it is bizarre . i wonder if they are all on xanax ...
i love coming to pnc park in the summer . if i get here early enough i stop by atrium is and have a scotch , johnny walker , rock , no water , what did that scotch ever do to you ? when i wa eating meat i will get the lobster bisque or a huge plate of pot roast nacho . the meat that covered those nacho were perfectly cooked with a nice char outside , moist and succulent inside . lot of cheese and other nacho fixens . good stuff ! the burger here are just a glorious , nice crisp outside , moist and tender inside , good bun , great bacon if i ordered it . atrium is is a great restaurant in pnc park , but when i go to pnc park , i want ballpark food . so i head to atrium is when the bucs are out of town .
i feel bad about giving this place such a meh review but every time i go that is exactly how i feel when i leave . atrium is is one of those place that i have never had any type of memorable service experience or food experience for that matter.i can not say the food is bad , but it is not really great either . i will say the service is always so . it is almost a if they do not realize you have other place to go ; you can just sit at their restaurant all day . on the upside the busboy is and girl are hounding your table filling your water glass after taking a sip . so if you are a horse you will not go thirsty.honestly though . you are better off eating the park . i mean who doe not love manny is bbq ?
my husband and i are cub fan and flew into pittsburgh to see friday and saturday is cubs-pirates game this past weekend ( 7/7 & 8 ) . we got to pnc park around 5 p.m. and since the gate were not open we decided to sit and have some drink before the game . we stopped first at atrium is . although there wa only one other table occupied outside , we were told if we were not going to order food ( just drink ) we would have to give up our table if people , who were eating food needed it . this wa ridiculous to u so we left ! we were paying guest just like their other guest ! ! anyway we went a few business down and drank at dominic is . we went to dominic is both night and probably spent close to $ 100 and did up getting food . atrium is better rethink how they treat guest ... .
ugh , i hate this place . people from work drag me here to lunch more often than i would like . the food is overpriced . the service is snotty and slow . i can barely get free in under an hour-and-a-half . the food is forgettable and the menu sparse . they are terrible for pick-up too - even when you call way ahead , you are made to wait , and they are surly about taking care of you when you arrive for your food . you can do better for lunch on the northshore pretty much anywhere . try soho or finnegan is instead .
the food is acceptable . they have a pretty wide range , but narrow the menu on pirate game day . i tried the seared ahi tuna . it wa good , but nothing memorable . the location appears to be the best thing about the place . sitting outside on a warm evening , looking at the city skyline and seeing people walk around before a pirate game is an interested dinner experience . but do not go for the menu .
well , everything is just grand in pittsburgh when the october weather is so beautiful ! ! but we had a great 'lil saturday lunch here at atrium is after walking our new puppy around the north shore . they have plenty of outdoor table ( in the shade ) and we grabbed a corner one with our pup . they were totally cool about it , and offered water , etc . the bf wa starving per usual , so he started with the crab bisque , which he said wa `` awesome '' . he also had their spicy pasta entree , while i opted for a fresh house chopped salad and a glass of pinot grigio . the salad wa super fresh , and they did not skimp on any of the `` good veggie '' . only gripe is , i asked for no crumbled bleu cheese , and it came out with it . i did not feel like complaining , so just picked it off . the salad definitely would have been more enjoyable for me without it ( i do not eat cheese ) but it wa a nice size salad for the cost . it wa also an oktoberfest special , so bf got the dunkel brew to drink . our waitress wa really nice and all in all , it wa a good experience . i would definitely come back !
a your standard restaurant , atrium is ha no personality : the food is blah , the service is eh , and nothing is really all that memorable . the patio and it is proximity to the ball park are it saving grace . now , let is talk about when we reserved a room for a bridal shower ... we had a fixed menu for a group of about 50 lady . i understand that . but when the bride asks for no tomato , you a a server do not say , `` no substitution ! '' in your meanest voice . lighten up , it is her day . i ended up just taking the tomato off for her -- and just chalked it up to another maid of honor duty . the server also kept clearing the bride is drink while she mingled . this wa annoying , but at least we had paid a flat fee for drink , so it wa not the hugest deal.overall , the server for the bride is table wa just awful and kept treating u like little child . yes , the table wa the bridal party and the bride is cousin . yes , we are all under 30 . but we are also young professional and the one who booked the event . the server who waited on the rest of the table containing the mother , aunt , great aunt , and grandmother were polite ... even when my near-senile grandmother started yelling about bandit . later , another server apologized on behalf of our bad server and mumbled that , `` he just must be on his period . `` while atrium is is fine for a glass of wine before a pirate is game if a table is open outside , i certainly would never book it again for a private function .
i think the low mark for this place are unwarranted . quality of food at this location is every bit a good a the other atrium is around town . pot roast nacho are out of this world !
having lived near this atrium is location in the past , i can say that i have spent more than my fair share of time at the pnc park atrium is . my wife and i stopped in this past week , and for me , i wa reminded of why i enjoy atrium is ... but this having been our first time at atrium is together , and witnessing my wife is experience , i realized why the place could garner such low reviews.for someone like myself , who is actually had enough positive and negative food experience at atrium is to know exactly what to order and what to steer clear of , i can make the experience a positive one , but that is a situation i am afforded now thanks to my previous patience and convenience . my wife , opting to stray from my suggestion had an awful dinner . her plate of bland fish and asparagus left her turned off completely . luckily , we were using a gift card , so it wa not a frustrating for her a it could have been . regardless , walking away from an entire plate of food is disheartening.that led me to realize this : if you are only at atrium is once , you are odds are not that great of having a good experience . that is just the reality of the situation . there are a handful of really good thing on the menu that i love . the parmesan crusted chicken is really good , although it can sometimes be a little too oily . the pot roast is excellent , but it is way too heavy for most of the year ... especially during baseball season when they are busier . their chili is really on-point ... especially paired with their bread , and the salmon salad is excellent . although , i do not like the salmon , so i swap the salmon for chicken for a great salad option . the carrot cake is insanely good , but truth be told , it is not homemade . i could care le , though , a it is still some of the best carrot cake i have ever eaten . period . other notable item are the pot roast nacho , crab cake , red skin smashed potato , and the reuben.that is really where the positive end , though . i have learned to steer clear of the burger because of the inconsistency with which they are prepared . i have received more undercooked burger at atrium is than any other restaurant , and it is just not worth the gamble anymore . my filet have always been perfectly-prepared , but the one time i got a strip it wa practically burned on one side and undercooked on the other . failing to cook burger and steak correctly is not that surprising , but deciding to serve them to customer despite their incorrect preparation is surprising ... and poor.i know that the last time i had salmon on my salad , the fish tasted `` off '' and i paid the price for it later . i have never given a single fish meal a chance there since ( we are talking year now ) . hence , my request for chicken on my salad now . most of the meal that i have had are average , and i have practically tried the entirety of the menu over the year , so believe me when i say it.why do i continue to go ? well , because the few item that i do love , are crave-worthy , and having become a regular ( le so , nowadays ) , the service that i received at the bar wa always excellent . daniel and roy have always provided great service to me , and good service go the distance , a far i am concerned , so it is been worth stopping in from time-to-time . unfortunately , if i can not sit at the bar , i do not always stick around , a the service at the table is really hit-or-miss . for every good server they have , they have two more that could care le about their job ... especially during peak times.regardless , this is my favorite atrium is location , because it is the least `` stuffy '' and pretentious location of them all , but there is still a lot of room to improve ... and i hope it doe .
i love the salad here . very healthy . ahi tuna is my favorite . i will keep coming back for kore . keeep up the good work . cant wait for baseball season to start so i can hang out even more . my boy will be hitting it up all season long ! go buck !
atrium is is a pretty good restaurant if you are at or near pnc park - a expected from anything located in a ballpark it is not the best restaurant ever but it is consistently decent . on different visit i have tried the margherita flatbread and cheese dip which were both fine ( although the fried pita chip were really salty ) a well a the diablo pasta which wa okay and the pork filet gorgonzola which wa quite good . in an ideal world i would walk over the bridge and eat at a more unique restaurant downtown but when i have to choose from something nearby atrium is is one of the better choice . a number of my colleague prefer this a their go-to restaurant and while i am not quite a enamored a them i definitely consider this an a-ok restaurant and i will be back .
now this is the atrium is i remember.i have been coming to this location since pnc park opened . in the beginning everything wa great . great food and outstanding service . then everything went down hill . the most popular item were taken off the menu . the portion were cut down and the quality of the food when down with it . service wa horrible a well . we stopped going for year because by that time pittsburgh wa in a restaurant boom . the cheesecake factory , mccormick & schmick is and a lot of other similar restaurant had opened.i recently started going back to atrium is when a co worker decided to treat me to lunch since it is near my office . the great food and service is back ! the burger are excellent ! i highly recommend the crab cake , they are second best behind monterey bay . i love the sherry crab bisque and the pot roast nacho appetizer are a must try ! i just went for a christmas work lunch and everything wa perfect . we had ten people and everyone loved their food . everyone got something different , burger , steak seafood , salad and sandwich . the service wa excellent . all of our glass were refilled constantly before they ever got even half way empty.the atrium is i know and love is back !
best crab bisque in u.s ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! kept going back daily while in p town getting giant cup of it ... wow ... it unbelievable .
located right next to pnc park , so is a decent place to get a beer and some grub prior to game day . that and outdoor seating are main perk . otherwise , food and price are not worth a stop . this place will fill up on game day , but should be avoided when the pirate are not in town . it is not a bad experience . if you are siting outside and you have a view of pittsburgh , it can not be that bad .
i wa neither particularly pleased nor dissatisfied with my lunch experience here ... it wa just `` meh . '' it is kinda pricey for what you get , but the service is prompt and friendly and the music is fun and modern.they serve a mean crab bisque . it wa deliciously creamy , quite generous with the crab meat and very filling without that nasty sick after-feeling . the coconut shrimp ( with a nice crunchy , coconut-y breading ) wa also very tasty , and the portion wa satisfyingly large for an app ! the house salad wa just a typical salad of iceberg and romaine lettuce drenched in shredded cheddar cheese and sprinkled with a few other veggie . nothing special . just a random quirk i noticed : for being a rather classy restaurant , i wa surprised that they did not add a slice of lemon to my glass of water ( though i am sure you could ask for it ) . would i recommend the place ? probably not but it wa certainly not a bad experience ! just one that did not stand out for the money you will spend .
i have a dream . a dream that some day the north shore will have a ton of amazing food option . i hope one day it will become a reality . for now , i think there is a smattering of okay-ish place and a lot of mediocrity . maybe it is just the built in crowd . you come to a game , you got ta eat , right ? and what are you going to eat ? either at a restaurant outside the stadium or inside . at this point i will stick with inside for the novelty of it all . i stopped into atrium is on game day , but came in right a the first pitch wa going out , so it wa not packed in the least . our server wa obviously not into u , a well a serving that day , a she wa pretty short with u the entire time . sorry we bothered you ... the menu is incredibly limited with around 5 apps , 5 sandwich and 5 main course . i get that they are probably just limiting thing for the crowded time , but i felt like nothing really called to me . i settled on going halfies and ordering an app and waiting until i wa inside the stadium to get my `` main course . '' crab fry , naturally . but that is beside the point.the pieorgies we ordered were okay . they were doused in parmesan cheese and a little overcooked , but it wa not the worst thing i have ever had . wa not the best either . i think what really turned me off wa the whole experience . service , small selection and mediocre food . i should have just ordered two bucket of crab fry and called it a night !
i came here with a party of 40 very hungry pitt student . the food wa amazing . we had roasted beef , chicken , and pasta . the management wa lovely and really involved during any party issue . the staff wa also very kind and able to keep everyone is glass full , despite our camel like drinking habit . thank you !
here before bucs victory over the card in game 3 of the nlds , a sunday . game at 4:30 , got here at 2:30 . packed both inside and out . can not comment on any other time but this really hectic one . ordered pepsi and brisket nacho . awful . soggy chip , some shredded beef drenched in sweet generic bbq sauce , a blanket of cold congealed cheese spotted with jalapeño slice . not a degree above room temp . will give them 1 star for tasty pepsi and keeping it filled .
we came across atrium is looking for another restaurant but i wa not disappointed ! the crab bisque soup wa creamy and delicious . i ordered chicken parmesan and it wa fantastic a well . ask for the cream vodka sauce ! portion wa huge but it made a fine lunch the next day . would definitely return to atrium is .
went before a baseball game with the kid . limited menu . my husband asked the same server 3 time for a water , he never received . my reuben tasted like eating a salt stick . will not go back !
came in late night during light the night , just for for drink and a snack . service wa fast , but the salad and cup of soup were disappointing . the chopped salad had weird cheap ingredient like celery and carrot . i wa excited about the crab bisque , but they must have been running low and it must have been half sherry because it tasted like i wa taking a shot of cheap white wine with every bite . hope the dinner fare is better .
we came here with a friend before a show at stage ae , and had a great dinner . their steak is terrific a are their bbq pork quesadilla . dessert are all amazing too ( i recommend the peanut butter mousse ) . we have been to 3 atrium is so far , and they have all been good , but this wa the best . cool decor and great service too .
there are not many option for good dining on the north shore and by process of elimination this is where we ended up during a pirate game . we were seated pretty quickly and they have option for indoor and outdoor dining . it wa opening day and quite crowded but our server did a nice job . i started off with a corona . my big disappointment wa they had a special game day menu and it wa very limited with not many option . i went with the cobb salad and it wa very good-fresh veggie and a nice portion size . i do think that the price are a little high .
this is my favorite place to grab a drink and/or a snack before a ball game . great staff and a large bar make this place perfect to meet friend . and the beer is way cheaper than beer in the park .
ok , i do not want to judge all atrium is by this one . in fact , i would not even judge this atrium is solely by this one experience . but let me tell you , i wa highly disappointed.i will point out the good part of the night first . we arrived to see a band play . the entertainment wa great , did not cost extra ( although there wa a $ 20 minimum per person ) , and i liked the set up in the room where they played . also , the soup i got ( crab bisque ) wa delicious ! ok , now , for the rest of the experience . first of all , our service wa awful . i do not know our server is name , and i know some of the wait wa not his fault , a there wa a large party upstairs . but it took at least ten minute to even order our drink , another 15 before we even got them . ten more minute before we could order our food , and after the meal , we must have waited at least 15 if not 20 minute for our check before one of the member in our party finally had to go up to our waiter and complain . i saw him checking on other table , and it did not seem like he had many table to keep him so busy . a a server , myself , i always give my server the benefit of the doubt , but it really got to be too much . the one thing i will say for him though , wa that he wa very nice . but for how much we waited , we should have had something comped or at least got some sort of apology before we had to complain.the rest of the food and drink were okay . good , but not enough to make up for the service . i had the berry mojito to drink and the greek salad to eat.i will try another atrium is before i will go back to this one . but now i am weary of the restaurant all together .
i came here just before a pirate game so it wa extremely busy . a a result i sat at the bar . i ordered the pacific salmon salad and it wa absolutely delicious . the service wa very friendly and attentive . the price seemed reasonable . my only issue were that there were some left over plate of food nearby that were waiting to be taken away that sort of detracted from the experience . also , my plate did not seem 100 % clean although it really wa not a big issue . given how busy they were i do understand and still give high mark for the tasty food and excellent service .
average experience . the entree that we chose ( chicken marsala and chicken piccata ) were fine but under seasoned . the cheese plate wa the best part of the meal : four cheese selected and served by carole `` dear heart '' from penn mac . exceptional choice , good crusty bread and she is lovely and a pittsburgh institution . service wa spotty . i wa there representing my company . we produced the music that evening . i am not sure if the server assumed that we would not be ordering food or what , but after we ordered the cheese course and wine , he came back only to attempt to take away our menu not to take our order . i had to ask to order entree . it wa just odd . i have heard similar thing from others that have been there on our music night .
i decided to check out downtown pittsburgh on my trip for a family visit recently . we took a walk around the area and this location caught our eye . it had outdoor seating and wa right outside of pnc park . we decided on the pot roast nacho a an appetizer . it wa pretty good . nice chunk of pot roast and various cheese . i than decided on the atrium combo which had andouille sausage , perogies , chicken and sauerkraut . i figured that this would be something different . the sausage wa great and so were the perogies . i did not care for the chicken too much . it wa dark meat with bread crumb . i prefer white meat so that wa probably the reason . i also tasted my friend steak hoagie . i am from the area so i have had better . it wa a little dry and not enough cheese and onion . the outdoors ambiance wa great ! pittsburgh ha a great downtown . nothing like detroit . it wa alive , various thing to do and wa a beautiful city . overall the restaurant wa a good experience . the waiter wa great and funny also . we also talked to some people sitting beside u . it made for a good time . however , i would opt for another place when i visit again .
i wa meeting up with 3 other people there . but i wa a few minute late . because i wa not there at the time , they refused to seat the others . not even to just get drink or an appetizer ordered . so they left to go to some place that would serve them ( dominic is ) this place clearly could not be bothered to have our business , which seems like an odd way to run an organization . one star because we did not get anything that we wanted .
visited for the mcg holiday jazz event and this place exceeded my expectation on all level -- food , service , ambience , and entertainment.food : we ordered a small cheese platter . the chef actually came out and explained the cheese on our plate . nice touch , though i have to admit to not necessarily knowing which cheese went with which explanation . nonetheless , all were quite tasty and better than i would have imagined a simple cheese platter would be . i ordered fish taco which were quite tasty and my husband ordered the pork tenderloin , the novemberfest special , which wa also tasty from the bite i acquired from him , a were the squash bite i `` stole '' . service : greeted immediately upon arrival and ushered to our table right away , despite being very early for our reservation . offered drink a soon a we arrived at our table and our server wa always there when needed but not pushy when we were not in need.ambience : we sat in the small dining area next to the bar and near the stage . cozy , quaint , warm feel to it . nice venue to hear the jazz band while still being able to carry on a quiet conversation.entertainment : i have been trying to like jazz for awhile now and not all that successfully . last night wa a winner for jazz band quality and for the vocalist is quality . very nice , indeed .
this is me n mumz ' second time here for thanksgiving and they always make u feel like we have come home to family for the holidays.wonderful service and nice atmosphere for a holiday meal . speaking of which , the food is like homemade too . the smell and football on the tv is make u feel at home . free parking out front ; not too shabby !
when you walk into a buzzing restaurant , you will expect to be greeted by someone , be that a server , a greeter or the bartender . i went in last night , stood around for almost 10 minute , and wa completely ignored . i wa meeting a few friend , so i decided to walk across the street and grab a beer and make a reservation ( using open table ) for 45 minute later . reservation confirmed , and beer finished , i walk back over , walk in to the place and someone is at the computer in the entryway on the phone . he finish , we make eye contact , he nod and walk away . my friend come in , we wait 10 minute for someone who work there to talk to u . i tell her we have reservation , she act like it can not happen , and that it is my mistake , she say that the place is closed for a private party . i ask why there is not a sign on the door saying 'closed for private party ' , and i get a ridiculous answer that the `` ceo doe not like u to do that '' . how dumb is that : you leave your system open to make reservation and you do not alert people that might be going to a show on the north shore that the place is closed . the fake sincerity is what really got me . you know what a 'private party ' sign doe ? it advertises that you are available for private party , and would have given me an hour to figure out other arrangement .
i wa here on a business dinner and it firmly seated itself a the absolute worst place i have ever eaten at . -hair in the food-crab cake were touted a amazing , in reality disgusting ice cream scoop of poor crab and mayonnaise - '' risotto '' uncooked and congealed to plate . -vegetables gummy and soaked in oil . not properly prepped and served with woody stem . i wa shocked this place turn a profit
each atrium is restaurant is going to give you fine food . i have had many business lunch a these restaurant and they always made me look good . this particular location is a little extra special because of it regular musical entertainment . nothing beat an evening out at atrium is , eating some excellent food and listening to some good tune . of course you want to order the pot roast nacho . somehow they manage to smother nacho with delicious shredded beef , cheese , jalapeños , and other kind of yummy-ness , without the nacho getting overwhelmed or overly soggy . eat at atrium is . you will not be disappointed .
this is a great place for small and large group . great drink selection , the draft beer selection wa pretty weak but the have a decent selection of beer in a bottle . the food is very good . i had the smokehouse platter . the rib were very good . the platter also come with smothered chicken it wa awesome . i felt the chicken wa the highlight of the plate . hand cut fry were good also . i give this a big thumb up .
this is more of a 3.5 star rating . i visited this restaurant with a large group of about 40 people before going to a show at the new hazlett theater . we were seated upstairs and ate a buffet-style dinner ( the dish had already been picked ) . the two waiter who took care of u were extremely friendly and efficient , and they made sure we would leave in time for our show . while we waited for the food to come out , they served u drink , but the waiter stopped offering straw after the first couple tables.when the food came out , they let a few table help themselves at a time . they provided u with three different type of plate ( large square one , rectangular one , and small circular one ) , which i found odd . we had three entree in the buffet line : chicken marsala , tomato vodka pasta , and parmesan crusted tilapia.chicken marsala : flavorful , tender chicken served with mashed potato . i really enjoyed the potato because they had a distinct potato flavor , unlike most butter-heavy one . however , i wish they were more generous with the tomato and mushroom in the dish . there wa no vegetable-based dish in our entire meal , and i missed them.tomato vodka pasta : penne cooked with just a little bite left in a yummy tomato sauce with a couple leaf of spinach here and there . again , i wished there wa a lot more spinach in the dish . also , the pasta wa a little sauce-heavy.parmesan crusted tilapia : the fish wa crispy and delicious , the angelhair pasta wa cooked perfectly , and the tomato sauce wa good . i grabbed some pasta near the edge that had not been touched by sauce , so i liked the amount . no vegetable , though.afterwards , they brought out a tray of bite-size dessert for u . i do not see any of them on their menu , so i am not sure how the organization ordered them . both the cheesecake flavor i tried ( raspberry and almond ) were delicious -- the cheesecake wa really light and airy , and the flavor really came through without being overly sweet or overpowering . they also had strawberry half and chocolate chip cooky , which were soft and cakey -- not the best i have ever had , but pretty good . also , there were these little square that , a far a i could tell , were square of iced cake covered in chocolate . these were way too sweet for my taste . mine looked like chocolate everything , but there were also white-chocolate covered square , and other square with different color inside ( different flavor of icing , perhaps ? ) .overall , i enjoyed the food , but i will like to try a greater variety before giving four full star ( and see if there are any vegetable-heavy one ) . however , this restaurant is a little too expensive for me to return any time soon . the service wa great .
thank you james and staff for the wonderful entree and for giving u one more reason to like pittsburgh .
before a pirate game we stopped in to get a bite . i ordered a hamburger with fry for $ 13.00 . very disappointed . it took over 30 minute to get the order . the meat wa very dry and falling apart but not over cooked . this tell me that they added `` filler '' , usually bread , to stretch the meat and pump profit . i have had juicier meat and larger patty at wendy is for a sixth of the price . overall ... i would not go back to atrium is .
the drink agree to die for and the pot roast nacho were amazing . the waiter jonathan not only catered to u but actually drew is a map of place to see . definitely a place to come back to .
although my meat wa dry , the food overall wa delicious : my chicken breast smothered in mushroom and onion with cheddar jack cheese , the homemade chip , and my wife is `` pittsburgher '' kielbassi slice with pierogies , sour cream , sauerkraut , and mustard . we were not brought or offered bread . what brought down this rating wa service problem which obviously were not the fault of our server . i appreciated that the restaurant offered me a reservation when open table indicated that nothing wa available on this day . the hostess did not seem to know how to handle a reservation and i do not believe that our arrival wa matched to it . she asked another individual for assistance and i believe that person told her simply to seat u . after more than ten minute had passed after we were seated without a server coming to the table , the hostess came over to ask if she could take a drink order . she wa not able to answer my question about whether the featured beer were draft or bottled . soon thereafter , our server , a charming and gracious young man , came to take the drink order . we asked him to take our dinner order a well , given that this wa stacking up to be a very lengthy meal . more than fifteen minute later , our entree came , but no sign of my wife is wine and my beer . i asked the young man who brought the food about our drink and a few minute later , our server came over , apologized , and told u how backed up the bar wa . he graciously told u that the drink would be complimentary . we received them more than five minute after the arrival of our entree . these were not mixed drink requiring anything special to dispense , simply beverage that had to be poured . for almost the entire time we were there , a band wa playing inside at a volume that wa deafening . we could not possibly have had our meal inside near the band a it would have been necessary to use sign language to converse and to order . we were seated outside a far away from the music a possible , yet it wa still difficult to speak to each other over the din . additionally , the placement of the band in a small room make it particularly difficult to snake in and out when coming in to use the restroom . the menu at this atrium is is a bit different from the traditional location and some of the price are not the same for item that are identical . the homemade chip are $ 2.99 at traditional atrium is location , $ 3.99 at pnc park for a smaller portion .
just went to this restaurant to try and have dinner and the guy that sat u wa very nice but after waiting 10 minute with no sign of a server my husband finally asked if they could send someone to wait on u and they said they would . waited another 5 minute and no one showed up so we got up and left . awful place , to bad i wa looking forward . we only wish we would have ordered food and then left .
i really wanted to like this place , but everything about it wa extremely disorganized . only one bartender wa able to get anything accomplished ( and thankfully he wa the one serving me ) . the rest of the staff seemed to have no direction , and the aforementioned bartender wa the one picking up their slack . try a he could , he could not do it all . and this wa only 4 hour before game time ; it wa bound to get busier a the day moved on.that said , the food wa good ( hawaiian chicken sandwich ) and there is an extensive beer selection . i will certainly give atrium is another shot when i return to the burgh .
i have enjoyed dining at atrium is over the year . i used to love their pot roast nacho , but a few year ago they changed the recipe ( the pot roast is nowhere near a generous a it used to be ) . but i would say the food is reliably good , and the service is generally excellent ( except when they are overwhelmed on game day ) . i do have a great story about meeting hulk hogan at this location once , so i do have a special fondness for atrium is . they are well managed and local . but the dining scene in pittsburgh ha become a lot more creative , i think atrium is need to keep up and offer something new and different . until then , it is still pretty good and fairly reliable .
we arrived at 6pm on a busy sat nite . a party of 6 , we agreed to sit 2 and 4 . we were at bar for a bit while waiting and bar tender wa friendly and made u feel welcome . when our table were ready , we were not given menu for about 20 minute when we flagged down a bartender who brought them over and took our order . food took at least 20 more minute to arrive . salmon wa great but not much rice and would have been better with a veggie side to round it out . food overall wa fine . they ended up comping some of our drink .
stopped in specifically for the pot roast nacho , which have been amazing at other location so i wa very disappointed to discover they were out of pot roast . i decided on the pot pie which i have heard very good thing about so it seemed like a good alternative . i wa wrong . it wa basically a puffed pastry on top of thin gravy . no chicken . not even one piece . no potato or any other filling except a few pea . that wa it . i wa starving so i ate the entire thing but wa still hungry afterwards so i ate again a soon a i got home . extremely disappointing .
awesome bartender- ask for michelle ... good happy hour specials- half price draft and apps from 5-7 ... delicious looking food coming out of the kitchen ... come here and enjoy the quiet , cool , relaxing ambiance ... ( before the pirate come back to town ! ) ...
went to atrias for lunch today . service wa slow for soup and a salad . cup of soup wa $ 4.99 and a side salad served in a large-rimmed bowl wa $ 9.99 ! with a coke , lunch wa $ 20 . apparently they just changed the menu and dramatically increased the price on everything . food wa ok but definitely not worth the price .
they offer an amazing sunday jazz brunch . the staff wa incredibly friendly , the food wa wonderful and the ambiance wa awesome . i highly recommend it . patricia our server did a wonderful job of welcoming u and explaining the cocktail
mediocre at best . went to easter brunch , wa served some coffee from a can . waited over 45 minute for an order of chicken piccata that also tasted like it came from a can . when i asked the bartender/waitress ( classy ) how much longer it will be , she wa cold and un apologetic about the ridiculous wait . i do not understand how this place is even in business . if this establishment were to be in any other city they would be closed . if i am paying $ 25 for some fake italian food at least be polite about the robbery . this place is a fusion of olive garden and red lobster . do not come here . i realized that the tactic of starving the customer and serving overpriced mediocre food can pay the light bill . thanks atrium is , see ya never
this wa my first experience at atrium is . our group of six stopped here for dinner prior to the ballgame monday night . our waitress cleaned off a table for u and took our drink order , while another waitress grabbed more chair and brought u menu . since we stayed a little longer than anticipated at our previous location , we only had about 45-50 minute to order and eat before the pirate game started . someone in our party mentioned this to our waitress and she said that she could take care of u quickly ( although it wa our fault for being tardy , of course ) .i , along with another friend , ordered the bucco louis ' grilled chicken sandwich with honey dijon , lettuce , tomato , swiss cheese , pineapple , and carmelized onion . ( i left the pineapple off of mine ) . you have the choice of fry or homemade potato chip ... i got the fry . my husband and another person in our party chose the raise the jolly reuben . someone else got the ball park burger , and another the angus beef slider . our food arrived promptly and everyone is plate looked very good . i am not a fan of reuben is , but even my husband is food looked tasty . my chicken sandwich and fry were good . the only complaint wa that the top of my bun looked buttered ( it had this glossy look to it ) and wa a little soggy . everyone agreed that their meal were good.our waitress wa extremely friendly and efficient . we told her that one of the member of our group wa from ohio ... and obviously not a pittsburgh sport fan . although , he wa adventurous enough to come pnc anyway . she joked around with u , and wa extremely easy going and social with u , making our visit very enjoyable . we come down to pnc a few time a season to catch a game and would definitely consider stopping here again next time .
showed up before a pirate game . wa not very busy which wa a plus . server took our drink order , returned with drink and took our food order . that wa the last we saw of him . someone else came by 35 minute later and dropped our plate on the table and kept walking . did not matter that our food wa not correct and our drink were empty . he managed to return a soon a we finished our food and left the check . guess we were done ? bathroom were dirty and lady room had no toilet paper or soap . not a good experience.food wa ok for the price . service is terrible and will not return .
i went to atrias a little bit back for their sunday brunch . i wa really excited to hear that they had smoked salmon . we got there two hour before the brunch wa supposed to stop , a reasonable arrival time i thought ( although technically any time during that window should be fine ) . however , when we got there the buffet wa well picked over . i thought perhaps they were going to bring out more food . i wa mostly wrong . the pancake were dry hockey puck that tasted frozen . the smoked salmon i wa so greatly looking forward to wa gone and when i asked if they were going to bring out more i wa very rudely answered `` no it is done '' . it is hard to convey how rude this cook behind the buffet wa but i wa greatly offended ( and i wa very nice about it ) ! the food wa not great and not worth the price at all . go somewhere else for brunch .
we took my whole family here for mother is day brunch and it wa actually awful . we had a party of 11 people . we made the reservation ahead of time and the day before they called to say there wa a race in front of the restaurant and we could not park out front . my 80-year old grandma wa coming with u and she ha trouble walking . the restaurant apologized but had no option for handicapped parking with the race going on . my dad parked in town and wheeled her in a wheelchair across the bridge . this worked out fine , but when we arrived at the restaurant they had u at a table upstairs . we asked them to show u to the elevator . they did not have one . so after all the discussion the day before about handicapped parking why on earth would they seat u upstairs ? we had to wait for a table to be set up downstairs . luckily they were not busy . we were seated near an outside door and had space for the wheelchair but by the time we were ready to leave they added a table outside in front of the door so we had quite a bit of trouble maneuvering the wheelchair to get out ! we also had trouble with the food . my mom and sister do not eat gluten so they ordered a meal that had potato listed a the side dish . it came out of the kitchen with noodle instead of the potato . they said they changed the menu . but that should be explained by the waitstaff when someone order the meal ! we also waited over 15 minute before someone even took our order . i did enjoy my own meal but all of the other trouble wa not worth it . we will not be back to this location and especially not on a holiday when we expected to go all out for our mother and treat them to an expensive meal without any issue about seating and such !
going downhill ... ... man , what happened to this place ? i used to frequent atrium is multiple time a week for lunch . usually a ruben or the house salad with garlic vin . dressing and fry but recent construction near pnc park ha limited my trip . well during this time atrium is must have made some major change and not for the better . i decided to take the wife and kid to dinner b/c the day wa nice and they do have outdoor seating . unfortunately our waiter wa not up to par . i sensed a little attitude when i asked if a particular dish wa available but let his annoyed response slide . atrium is at pnc park ha a streamlined menu during pirate game day . we then placed our order and shortly after i wanted to make a small change from the apps slider to the kid menu slider b/c they came with fry . waiter then annoyingly rolled his eye . i should have got up and left then but we were hungry and didnt want to go to another place for dinner . i asked if it wa a problem and he stated they already started the order . well , seems like a problem adding fry to a plate i guess ... .this interaction left me pretty angry and anyone who know me would likely say i am pretty laid back . it is difficult to get under my skin . onto the food . house salad for the wife and i which were pretty standard . i do love their garlic vinegar dressing . we also got a chicken ranch flat bread and this left u disappointed . in my pre construction visit this wa one of the freshest , tastiest meal but i am not sure what they brought out yesterday . it reminded me of a stouffer is french bread pizza . the slider were fine but the fry seemed a lil cold considering it wa the last thing ordered . all in all though i think my day at atrium is are done . at least the pnc park location and that is sad since i wa one of their biggest fan .
we had to go through these people to pay rent for our crap-hole apartment . one day we got a notice that the house wa going up for sheriff auction . we immediately talked to the people here and they told u not to worry- the same thing ha happened before and the owner took care of it . so we think nothing of it ( we were college kid and it wa our first apartment ) .a few month later we come home to find a 30 day notice on our front door . we were never informed by the landlord or the this real estate company that the house wa under control of the city even though we were at the real estate office several time to pay rent and to check on the status of thing . we had between paying rent that entire time that it wa actually sold in the sheriff auction . that is $ 600 month from august to march.of course , no matter how much we screamed and complained , we never got one cent back , nor did the downstairs neighbor . they probably knew we would not have the money for a lawyer . got ta love these company that prey on people.just ask around pittsburgh . most people know of this company and the first thing out of their mouth are : `` please tell me you are not renting from those slum-lords . `` .
atch-mont is solid . been renting with them for 4 month . they are easy to work with and fixed thing very quickly when reported .
i had the worst experience with those people last year ... i had bed bug in the apartment ( 702 james street ) ... we were complaining ... and the guy called bruce did not even listen ... .when i left the apartment ... i cleaned everything , but he did not give me all the deposit back ... saying that he payed somebody to clean it ( bulshit ) . and he charged me for taking off some portrait off the wall that i left there ... but he did not do that cause i still can see the portrait from east ohio street ( layer ) ... the worst unprofessional real estat company ...
absolutely the best ! ! ! not from pittsburgh . wa there on vacation with my kid . they absolutely loved it . even my youngest , who is hard to entertain , left the place praising it . if you have kid and are in pittsburgh , this is a great place to take them . we have been to other city is child is museum and this is one of the best.there are ton of stuff for them to do . there is also a nice variety . something for everyone . even my wife and i were entertained . the price of admission wa well worth it considering movie are about $ 10 for only 1-2 hour . we were there for at least 5 hr and it did not even feel like it . the best wa there were activity that left you with free `` souvenir '' . we left with various art creation that the kid made that were really cool .
a of 12/23/07 , admission is $ 8 for kid and $ 9 for adult , which wa a great deal . $ 3 for parking.the first major area you find is mr rogers neighborhood , where you explore all the stuff from his `` home '' a well a the land of make believe , trolley and all . there is a cool climbing thing that go up two story - not the typical chuckee cheese tube maze . there are several interactive item that include taking your image and showing on the wall with other digital element that you interact with . then you hit the garage . we could easily have spent all day there . for older kid , there is a workshop with a drillpress and other tool to build stuff with . for everyone else , you can build cardboard stuff , then mess around with the innards of a mini , climb up to a platform to launch parachute , and much much more . from there , go to the music room , then the circus room ( i can walk with stilt - cool ) then upstairs to the water room ( they will get wet ) where raincoat and boot are provided . then go to the art room and make your own paper , silkscreen , painting , printing , much more . this is all we saw , and i know there is more . there were several time when i wa surprised at how much the kid were able to do , in the sense that everything in kid ' life are sanitized and over protected . not this place . they have left in enough potential hazard to make it very interesting .
oh my god . they are playing the chicken dance song on their website ! bahaha ! so what is so great about this place ? mister rogers of course ! for those not in the know , fred rogers wa from pittsburgh , so of course there will be a great display of his world somewhere in the city . and here it is . beyond that there are always cool display up in the rest of the museem . bottom line : great for adult and kid alike , another of the must see pittsburgh site .
lot of fun for kid - big and small . good place to spend a rainy afternoon !
really great place to bring kid . brought my 2 year old here on vacation and she had a blast . her favorite part were the painting room and the water room . a must visit if you have kid .
i wish we will had more time here - this place wa a blast . i speak from experience when i say you can keep an almost-two year old happy for a long a you want here . there is even a little cafe so you do not have to leave if you get hungry . i also witnessed a birthday party at which the kid were encouraged to yell and scream and be happy.some of the exhibit could have used a little bit of maintenence . the coolest thing we did wa play in the water area , but a couple of the feature were broken and the ( young ) museum employee did not know how they were supposed to work.we found street parking , but you can park on site for $ 5 .
wonderful wonderful wonderful place ! ! ! perfect for my 3 year old.we bought a year membership to the child is museum and have gone several time . i thought it would get borning but everytime we visit they have something new in each area or thing moved around . the first floor is all about mr. rogers , air and other gadget . their little cafe is nice but a little pricey.there is this cool wall of step that the kid can go into a climb pretty high if they want to . they have an art/craft area where you can do ink screen print , make paper , paint and do other craft . there are station with everything you and your little one need to make something cool . the second floor is perfect for baby and young toddler or kid with disabilitites . it is basic with color . block , book , soft play area for baby , a box to play in filled with bird seed instead of sand . there are restroom on every floor . the third floor is the most fun for my little man because it is all about water . they provide rain coat and little crocs . i just bring swim trunk and water shoe for my little one . they will definately get wet so bring an extra set of clothes unless you plan to strip them down to their diaper and put a raincoat on them . we will visit so many more time . the staff is all very nice and helpful .
why would i be writing a review of a child is museum when i do not have any child ? ! because it is an awesome museum , that is why ! but in all seriousness , they throw the best party , mostly because they have thee coolest space to do it in ! when you go to a party at the museum you are allowed to `` play '' just like a kid would during regular business hour . have i gone down the twisted slide connected to the treehouse in a cocktail dress ? yes i have ! have i walked across the mini pittsburgh bridge in the mini-pittsburgh playroom ? yes i have ! like any good museum , they constantly have changing exhibit , so thing i saw are probably not there anymore . but the interactive exhibit are all about participation . if it peeked my interest , i am sure it would peek a child is ! i have no doubt people of any age would have a great time here !
this museum is both my and my 3 year old daughter is favorite spot in pittsburgh . we recently got a membership so we can go a often a we want for the next 2 year . she love the art room where she can mold clay or paint on easel . i love it because i do not have to worry about paint ruining anything ! her other favorite room are the upper floor where they have great activity for younger child . this includes bird seed to play with , train table , a giant light peg board , sand table . for the parent it is great a there is seating . you can sit down for a few minute and watch your child . it is a nice stop to relax on your way through the museum . she also love the water floor . it is amazing . the rain jacket they provide are great . if you have a child who really love water make sure you bring a change of clothes . the changing exhibit are great a well . i like knowing that most time there is going to be something new for u to check out . if you live in pittsburgh and have young child seriously consider a membership . it is worth it !
affordable and fun . our child ( age 4 and 2 ) absolutely love it ! although three hour away , we make the trip at least once a year .
this would probably be a 4-star review if i will brought a younger kid . my 7 year-old dd had fun for about an hour and then wa done - just not a much for her age group . the thing she loved the most ( by far ) wa the gravity room - she ran through it about 30 time , trying to not `` fall '' down the floor . i liked the projector kaleidoscope where you used different fabric swatch to change the picture . other than that , it felt like any other child is museum - fun enough for the kid , tiresome for the adult . oh - but a a child of the 70 , i did find it very cool to see mr. rogers ' puppet in the case - never thought i will see king friday in person .
awesome . nuff sed
a great time for grown-ups too ! ! i came here for a team-building event and wa impressed with all the different interactive display the museum offer . also , the building is leed certified .
this place is amazing from top to bottom . 2 hour down we are still here .
good time for kiddy of all age and grown up too . i especially love the art studio on the first floor , there is always 2 or 3 different art activity that are happening . my niece had her birthday party here , in january , i felt a little rushed , because a few of our guest were late . the child is museum supplied a craft and two party assistant , along with a large space for the guest . i do not know how much my sister in law paid for the party , but i get the feeling it wa expensive . my family and i get to enjoy this museum fairly often because it is across the street from my mom is house . it is a treat to have such a fabulous museum near by . be sure to visit the water floor on the fourth floor , the kid never want to leave the museum after they have played in the water table . it stretch from one way to the next . i have so many happy memory from this place , it totally rock !
a favorite museum ! art studio and other inquiry-based child is exhibit are a must-see !
we had a fantastic time at the child is museum ! all of u had a great time - adult , a 5 year old and a 9 year old . so many great thing to get our creativity moving ! ! my kid really enjoyed making their own paper , screen printing and painting . they played for a long time in the climbing zone a well a the water zone . this is a really great place for kid of all age a there is something there for everyone . the worker were very thoughtful and kid focused . the big red room cafe wa convenient for snack and drink . loved the hand washing station in the cafe . we would recommend this attraction to anyone visiting the pittsburgh area with kid .
this is a fantastic child is museum , that my kid have loved from the first time we we have gone . they have many hand on activity for the kid and different room . some of our favorites:1 ) the art room where they can make paper , draw , paint and model with clay among other things.2 ) a giant climbing sculpture3 ) the maker room , which take from the maker movement and allows the kid to sew or create electronics or build other things.4 ) the garage , where they can play on a real car , construct out of wood and nut and bolt , climb a net , slide down a slide and launch parachutes.5 ) the water room , where they can build damn and connect pipe and generally have fun with water and boats.6 ) the exhibit room , which brings in local and national artist to create new thing for the kid to play on and with.they also have puppet show and it is an excellent place to have a child is birthday party .
i absolutely love this place ! so do my kid ! great craft . the art room is our absolute favorite . i avoid the water room on the third floor . the cafe is yummy . wish it wa ok to carry coffee w/ me . have to keep it in cafeteria area . miss the ball room w/ the music and disco ball . please bring that back ! ! !
this place is a blast for kid of all age ! all floor are packed full of great fun for kid , and make this place a nice way to spend a lazy saturday with your turbo-charged little one - just be sure you are well-rested before you go ! the only place that wa a bit much wa the water zone , but that is to be expected whenever you join a young child and lot of splashy water fun . our little one looked like she worked on `` the deadliest catch '' after she wa done terrorizing the place , but it wa well worth it to see her having such a good time ; it is similar to the `` other '' kid ' museum nearby . they are renovating this exhibit , and it will be interesting to see how it evolves.loved the art studio , the garage , and the nursery , where our little one really had a blast running around and playing with all of the activity . obviously , the section on mr. rogers brought back all sort of warm , fuzzy memory ! admission wa completely reasonable , and a membership is totally worth it if you will visit with two adult and one child 3x in one year ; you even get reciprocal admission to many science and childrens ' museum nationwide !
wow , what an awesome place ! my little sister & i took her daughter ( my niece ) to the child is museum this last saturday and we all had a blast . my sister & i kept asking eachother why we never came here a kid , haha.everything ha pretty much been mentioned in the review , but there is a new exhibit in the area that change that ha a ton of inflated ball to kick , throw or run through ! the light are dimmed , there a disco ball and just kid running everywhere having fun . it opened 9/13 i believe.parking wa not a hassle or costly at all . the cool guy walking around playing the banjo wa very entertaining . actually , all of the staff here are nice . we really enjoyed the art room a well a the water room . my niece loved the garage and that avalache sand spinning wheel . oh , and that slide / tilted room . we will be back very very soon ! we already planned her 3rd birthday that is coming up , but this would be a great place for birthday party after i read their birthday brochure .
i moved from columbus , oh to pittsburgh and wa elated to find out that my cosi membership in columbus wa still usable at the child is museum . while c-bus is child is museum is mainly about science , pittsburgh is ha art and what not going on . my son love this place and ha finally discovered the art room . he is not super creative but he like the fact that he can pop on an apron and paint . he even threw a clay cup and silk screened some paper cut outs.they have other workshop space where you can sew or build lil motor . the changing tough art exhibit are neat too . on the downside , if an exhibit open try to see it early . simply because kid tear shit up . we went on the opening day of clifford and by the final week prop were missing and there were kid bite mark on clifford is bone o.0 .
i love this museum ! i have gone several time with friend and their child . there are so many fun thing for kid to go , and so much to explore , even if you are an adult.kids seem to love the art station where there are always a variety of craft and item to create/construct . i love how they are always changing exhibit to stay current and keep thing fun and creative for the regular . my favorite thing about this museum is the `` funhouse '' slide area . my nephew love this slide and love the anti-gravity feel when he is inside . it is too fun !
play time ! ! brought the little man here for a day of fun and adventure . walking in you are greeted with bright and inviting color . we went over to the ticket area with a big sign that say hi ( can not miss that ) and got our ticket and of course did what most parent with young child do we headed to the bathroom . next we went into the art room . my son headed right to the paint area . there are little apron so child do not get paint all over there cloth . after clipping on a piece of paper my son proceeded to make his master piece . once done we placed his artwork one of the drying rack . then continued to a room that had sowing machine woodworking and several other stuff . this area my son ( 4 ) wa not a into so we continued on but not before his dad connected on the electrical stuff together to turn on on the little light and all the trinket work . next there wa a little area with a slide and some other interesting stuff . it reminded me of the it a small world ride at disneyland . just a little creepy with all the doll and such . the next room wa my son favorite ! ! there wa a huge slide a parachute thing , car track that the kid could make and lot of other stuff . we spent about an hour in this room . it wa quite fun . next wa a room that had lot of little sized play stuff . i want to say house but it wa not just house . it wa fun . we continued upstairs to the nursery area . this wa fun . there were lot of table with different thing to play with like train or colored sand . next wa the water room . some of the thing in the room were not working right however it wa still fun . i wish there wa more dryer for the child but now i know to bring a towel and change of cloth . this is such a great place for kid . i do not think it will be a place we will frequent often but if you have not been with a little one you should .
buy a membership ! your kid will love this place . we still have not visited every section yet , and we have been four time . yep , it is that good .
i have been to the cleveland child is museum and feel qualified enough based on my visit there to rate the pittsburgh child is museum . this place wa absolutely awesome . the boy had a great time silkscreening art , making shape and different thing out of clay , and painting . if you are a member of the cleveland natural history museum you will receive full reciprocity at the pittsburgh child is museum which is nice , for u it saved $ 54 . the third floor is the place to be so remember to take your swimsuit along because the entire room is a water feature for the kid to play . the staff here were very friendly and considerate and helpful .
unfortunately we only got to spend a couple of hour on black friday here but we had a blast . the art room on the first floor is so cool it wa my daughter is first art project and we got to take it home . we rushed past some of the other exhibits/displays/activities but we got to play with light and sand before going to the bunce zone . my daughter had a blast throwing the ball around and playing with the magnetic track next door . we will definitely schedule in for a longer day next time .
awesome adventure for the entire family ! we have visited several time with extended family , which includes kid ranging from 1-13 . everyone found something engaging or project to work on . almost every experience is hand on and interactive . it is very open ended , so a an adult i find it amazing to watch and see what kid will do . they seem to engage differently with thing each time we visit a they learn or experience various exhibit component . so glad we have the membership to play year round . a regular `` go-to '' , especially during those winter month or rainy day . the change in programming and exhibit really keep each visit fresh . if you live in or near pittsburgh and have kid , i honestly do not know why you would not be a member here . definitely one of the cooler experience for the family . the art from the studio and project created in the makeshop are a favorite . with my 2yo and 4 month old baby , we usually make a separate trip down just for the waterplay exhibit . the garage exhibit is a must for my daughter every time we go.if you live nearby , invest in a membership . if you are passing through , plan to spend all day and bring a change of clothes for the kiddos . they will get wet in the waterplay area . with teeny tot , best visit time is during the week and we follow on facebook to avoid large group visitation day , etc . if you go in the afternoon , it feel like you have the place to yourself ! event calendar on the website is always up to date and a big help when planning a visit . the cafe is reasonably priced with tasty , fresh menu option and daily specials.have fun !
awesome adventure for the entire family ! we have visited several time with extended family , which includes kid ranging from 1-13 . everyone found something engaging or project to work on . almost every experience is hand on and interactive . it is very open ended , so a an adult i find it amazing to watch and see what kid will do . they seem to engage differently with thing each time we visit a they learn or experience various exhibit component . so glad we have the membership to play year round . a regular `` go-to '' , especially during those winter month or rainy day . the change in programming and exhibit really keep each visit fresh . if you live in or near pittsburgh and have kid , i honestly do not know why you would not be a member here . definitely one of the cooler experience for the entire family . the art from the studio and project created in the makeshop are a favorite . with my 2yo and 4 month old baby , we usually make a separate trip down just for the waterplay exhibit . the garage exhibit is a must for my daughter every time we go.if you live nearby , invest in a membership . if you are passing through , plan to spend all day and bring a change of clothes for the kiddos . they will get wet in the waterplay area . with teeny tot , best visit time is during the week and we follow on facebook to avoid large group visitation day , etc . if you go in the afternoon , it feel like you have the place to yourself ! event calendar on the website is always up to date and a big help when planning a visit.have fun !
my family and i visited the museum today . we spent $ 100 on admission & parking for 4 adult and 3 kid . i wa disappointed that their website boast that it is for kid of all age , and yet , my kid , age 9 , 11 and 13 were bored . most all of the activity were physically set up for small child : water table , art table , a well a button , control , etc were too low for my kid to enjoy without feeling like they were `` babyish '' . if they are going to advertise for all age , i feel they need to make sure they have thing that interest every age , not just 2 to 6 year old . also , i wa disappointed that there were no sign explaining the science behind the exhibit . how could they say they do school field trip when there is no explanation of what is being learned ? we will not be back . we feel like our money wa wasted .
i have been to child is museum in portland , olympia , and seattle and now pittsburgh . i love how they all seem to embrace to norm and environment in which they are located . i wa really impressed with the amount of space in the pittsburgh child is museum . there is ample space and staff to accommodate lot of busy child and their parent . the exhibit are really unique ... very different than other museum . i really , really love the homage to mr. rogers ! the water play on the third floor is amazing . the perfect way to spend a rainy or snowy day ! i am sure this museum will be our way to spend a few hour on our way to the airport next time we are in pa !
our 3 year old absolutely love the child is museum ! we visit frequently . bring a change of clothes/shoes for the waterplay area ! the food is a bit pricy and not too great , but you can bring your own food . i wish they had a bench in the restroom on the 3rd floor to help get the little one changed easier !
my 19-month old had a blast today at the child is museum . we loved the water room on the top floor and could have spent all day there . the new eric carle exhibit wa so fun , too ! i love that he can explore more now that he is older . when i took him last time he wa about 12-months old and wa a bit too small to enjoy it . i also really like the on-site cafe . reasonable price for eating out and quality choice . i am glad there are more than chicken nugget and macaroni and cheese ! and we love the photo booth in the cafe that print 2 photo strip !
this museum is amazing ! a a parent , i thought everything wa so fun , even for me ! we took our one year old and i wa worried that there would not be much for him to do . but i wa wrong . there were many thing for him to put his little hand on and explore . there wa even a while floor specifically geared towards toddler . awesome !
wonderful museum for kid . my child have a great time every time ! worth it to get membership because the one day pas is really expensive .
one of the coolest place to take your child in the city ! there is so much to do and they routinely have new exhibit for your little one to check out . may i recommend doing the art and craft room first , that way everything you do is dried and ready to take home by the time you visit all of the floor ( there are 3 ) . i have learned from experience ; )
so much fun ! my kid loved it . they have a event room that you can rent out for wedding . great location . we all had a great time !
this place is big and bella our little one loved every minute of our visit ! !
how much do we love this museum ? at least once a year we make the 3.5 hour drive and stay in a hotel just to visit it ! my boy ( 7 & 8 ) love it and have loved it since they were much younger . now that they are older , though , it is much more fun . they actually can make cool thing now -- use circuit , sew , paint , silkscreen , weave -- you get the idea . and they get the broader concept behind the exhibit ( gravity , engineering , etc . ) . the staff here are excellent and always willing to help show u how something work or to get the kid involved in whatever they are doing . bottom line : this place is great for kid of all age , but i am really seeing the fun now that the kid are a little older !
great day and adventure for child of all age - only complaint is the price . $ 13 for a 3 year old ? how long can a young one stay out ? would be much happier if the young kid were in the $ 7- $ 8 range .
awesome place for family ! the exhibit are fantastic . the garage room is so awesome , get the kid engaged . the tape maze is super cool . the food is okay too , but they allow you to bring your own lunch which not many place do anymore . the third floor ha the water work , a lot of kid wear bathing suit because they can get soaked .
this museum is captivating , thrilling and wonderful . my 9 , 7 and 2 year old loved spending time here and are anxious to go back . i highly recommend bringing a change of clothes or a bathing suit so the kid can really experience all the waterplay floor ha to offer .
decided to make the trek from cleveland when i saw that daniel tiger wa doing a meet and greet to mark the opening of the new daniel tiger is neighborhood exhibit , and we were all very glad we did . my 1 and 3 year old had a blast at the museum , and all the adult in our group found at least a few thing each that we were super excited to see and try . we will definitely be back !
i moved to pittsburgh a tad too old to ever visit when i wa growing up there , but having taken my 2.5-year-old , i now know this is a great museum with ton of interesting stuff for kid from age 1 to 10 . such a wide range of area , from experimenting with electric circuit to launching parachute to a miniature mr. rogers neighborhood to doing a range of art project with very good staffing . the inventive reuse of the old post office and planetarium make for a neat setting.the sticker price is a bit high , but it would be very much worth getting a membership if you are local . if you are visiting and are a member of a museum close to home , check out their wide reciprocal program for free or half-price admission . i appreciated how we were welcome to bring our own lunch to eat in the cafe area .
wa in the neighborhood on a girl weekend . this place is fantastic . great price , great slice . service is a tad bit slow ( since they make it to order ! ) but the food is worth the wait . they seemed to be doing a great take out/carry out order , if you are in the area , stop by . . . it is totally worth it !
okay hold the phone , i would not call pickle an emporium.i have not actually eaten their sandwich , what i typically order is the bacon cheddar fry , which are pretty damn tasty for a pizza shop . anyway on the bacon cheddar fry there is ton of melted cheese and real bacon ! ! ! oh yeah a total guilty pleasure . anyway , i wa raised eating at pickle . this wa our go to pizza place at home but not due to quality , but more do their willingness to deliver to our house . in the neighborhood i live in `` the pizza man do not deliver around here anymore . '' for some tasty fry , i would highly recommend pickle , for anything else i would suggest going else where .
i , too , stumbled upon this place while visiting a relative who wa at allegheny general , and i have subsequently visited her before/after pirate game . i can not say enough good thing about this place . the pizza wa great . the sub were awesome , and the `` primanti-style '' deli sandwich compare with the original . but not only wa the food great , the price were very reasonable . every time i have been there we have gotten the special on the menu ( which usually include combination of pizza , sandwich , and drink ) , and we have fed party of 5-8 adult for under $ 20- $ 30.also , the service is great . the two woman that run the place could not have been more pleasant - and even compassionate when we mentioned the person in the hospital.be warned though , it is not in the greatest location . e ohio street is not the best neighborhood , and the place look like a hole in the wall . but do not be scared it definitely the best place in the area by far ! other place in the neighborhood may look nicer on the outside , ( e.g . peanutz ) , but please do not waste your time .
pickle look like a dive . the bathroom is a disgrace to mankind . the clientele ... or should i say the non-client , just sitting there bothering paying customer , are a little off putting . but , the food is awesome ... i would not want to look too closely into the kitchen ... but the food is awesome !
i lived off of pickle in college ! the only downfall wa their delivery time . it always took almost an hour and a half to receive my food , 10 minute down the road . i moved , still in delivery distance , and had a terrible experience.i called my order in and had a total of 11 and some change . i told them i will be laying cash . when the delivery guy arrived he could not stop complaining about walking up my step and i would have to meet him downstairs next time . when i handed him a 20 he told me , sorry i do not have any change . so he walked off with a 9 dollar tip after being terribly late , rude , and forgot my drink.good food , but rude service on the phone and in person . i have not been back since .
i tried pickle tonight for the first time . i called ahead to order a gyro calzone and wa told 20 minute . i got there and wa told it would be another 10 . it wa another 20 before i got my food . in a bad frame of mind , i tried my food . i must admit it wa good . not great , but good . i did not have an issue with the place or the other patron . i dig that kind of place . but if you tell someone a time , you should be able to deliver . the food itself warrents a higher rating , but the overall experience wa a disappointment .
i have enjoyed the pizza , salad , and hoagy we have gotten from pickle . delivery time wa decent . fry are really tasty , but need to be blanched , or at least punch hole in styrofoam container .
working in allegheny center mall and being without a car , there are not many food option . pickle is one of the option and it ha the added bonus that it is within walking distance but they also offer delivery.i have dined at the establishment and ordered take out several time . dining in can be real adventure because of the neighborhood pickle is in . one experience we had wa fine , another we were approached for money twice on the way in and two additional people came into the restaurant asking for money.my favorite menu item is the chicken finger . they come with fresh cut fry and cheese sauce . i usually ask for blue cheese instead . i have also had several sandwich which were also tasty . nothing is out of this world memorable and worthy of adding star , but nothing is objectionable either . if you order delivery , pay in advance with your credit or debit card . the two time i have paid with cash , the delivery person claimed they did not have change . i had a $ 20 for a $ 7 order and wa certainly not going to give that large a tip . thankfully there is another business in the mall that wa able to give me change , but it wa rather frustrating that a delivery person did not have change available.overall a decent food option for those living or working in the allegheny common area .
went there for lunch today . needing some food other than hospital food . short walk to it from allegheny general . thought about ordering lunch special , but she said if we wanted more than two slice get the pizza on sale . 10 slice pizza for $ 8.25 and one topping . great pizza . crust wa excellent , tiny bit of garlic and lightly sweet . ham wa tasty canadian bacon . nice size to for price . pop sold by can at .85cents.lady at counter said she made crust and bread from scratch , we could tell.i would have given it a 4 star but bathroom cleanliness held them back . i did not add the street people into my review . the street is being revitalized so a lot of business are open and some closed . if it wa farther from the liquor store the street people would not have been so plentiful .
something about the sauce make me like their pizza . i think it ha a sweet taste to it . they will make special request if you ask them . customer and accompanying foot traffic outside is a bit rough in this area of the northside lol . i like the old school crane arcade machine near the counter . dining area is a bit small . sometimes doe not seem like the cleanest joint around , but work for me !
it is a little rough around the edge , but the food is great , and you can not beat the price ! sometimes there is only one cook in the kitchen , so service can be a bit slow , but everything i have had ha been worth the wait . i have tried the ( pittsburgh ) chicken salad , gryo , and white , cheese , and pepperoni pizza . all have been delicious . there is some seating , but there are often local hanging around , so if that is not your scene , just pick up to go or request delivery .
when i wa in school i will order pickle delivery all the time . that wa year ago and i have since moved far out of pickle ' delivery range . recently my mother came up from out of state with my 11-yr-old nephew and she wa excited to see if pickle wa still around so we stopped in.would i say pickle is the best pizzeria in the burgh ? well no . but for the highly affordable price , the food is pretty exceptional . between u our order spanned an xl pepperoni pizza , a personal cheese pizza , barbecue ( 6 ) and buffalo style ( 12 ) wing , cheese/bacon fry , and a half steak/cheese/mushroom hoagie ( which wa huge , light on the meat though ) and only ran u about $ 40 . i have ordered just a specialty pizza and wing from plenty of other pittsburgh pizzeria and paid nearly a much ! if you are looking for a tasty sammich or some awesome chicken wing , pickle is definitely worth a try.all that being said , i would recommend delivery or pick-up and not dining in.we ended up with two different server ( just to say , we did not complain and did not request a new one ) . the second server wa just fine ( too bad she did not come around until the end ! ) . our primary server however , not so much . we had to wipe down our own table . we had to place our empty dish and drink on an unoccupied table a she never came to check on u or move anything out of the way . our food wa served sporadically , which wa fine , but she never made any kind of note to u that anything we were still waiting on wa on it way or that it wa not forgotten about . she never came to check if we needed anything or if we were enjoying anything , only to bring more food , which she would hold until we took it from her . at one point my nephew had to use the bathroom ( it is a tiny dining area and we had a clear line of sight all the way back so we were fine with him just going alone ) . i pointed to the back where i remembered it being , but a he wa making his way there he passed our server and asked where it wa so that he could be sure . we heard him ask clearly but she completely ignored him and literally all she had to do wa turn around and point at a door that wa a few foot away . overall she just did not seem very friendly or engaging , it wa like the fact that we came in to give her our business wa a nuisance . add to that the fact that my mother ( who wa facing the window and could see all the sidewalk traffic ) for about a good 30 minute saw every other person on the sidewalk walking by with a `` classic '' brown bagged open alcohol container ( to be fair i guess it wa happy hour ? ? ) , the dine-in scene wa just not ideal .
living in the south side for two year , we had it made . the pizza place around that neck of the wood can not be beat . from the food to the price , you could not find better . now that we live near north side , it is been a constant struggle trying to find something that compare . i am thinking we have struck out . we decided to give pickle a go after receiving an ad in the mail . they had a pizza/hoagie/soda deal for le than $ 20 . first of all , ordering wa strange . the woman wa friendly , but seemed like she wa on a different planet . i ended the conversation telling her i wanted to make the payment with my card . she did not understand . after going back and forth , she finally understood that i wanted to pay with plastic . `` oh , you want to pay with a card ? ! '' yes . yes , i do . we usually pick-up ( i hate waiting for cold pizza ) , but decided to get it delivered . one of those lazy night . it took around 40 minute which i would say is average . wow ... we are we disappointed . the pizza literally looked like digorno or some other frozen supermarket option . the crust wa super doughy and the cheese wa pretty gross . we ordered half sausage/half pepperoni . the sausage had a strange color , the kind of color you see on frozen pizza . i am usually not a snob when it come to pizza , but this wa just not very good . the hoagie wa decent -- a little too much mayo , but you really can not screw up bread and meat . i hate pepsi and that wa the only two-liter option they had available , so yeah , the pepsi sucked.definitely will not order from here again , but at least we tried . the search continues ...
one of the best hole in the wall bbq place you might find . price are pretty reasonable . bring cash . small plate for $ 7something will get you about 5 huge rib . it come with bread too . a large plate is 10 and it is probably huge . they tend to be packed on the weekend but it a god place to get it and go . warning- you might get messy . the collard green are amazing a well . they have sweet potatoe pie from time to time ... if you are going to the mattress factory - make this your after stop !
do not do it ! the rib are average at best . the side are just a average a well . the bone are small and barely have any meat on them at all . the green were decent and the macaroni salad wa awful with ton of water in it . this place is almost a bad a the now closed mr willie is bbq in squirrel hill ! i had such high hope for this place . oh well . that is what i get for trying to cheat on showcase bbq in homewood . now those are the best rib in pittsburgh and some of the best in the country ! they do not take debit or credit card . cash only !
just plain awesome ! we read some review before trying and people basically love the rib . some complained about the guy behind the counter being surly and that it is a hole in the wall . well , we expected a `` soup nazi '' experience and the main problem wa that their television echo through the place while the soft-spoken guy , positioned about 30 foot away at the oven , asks what you want with soft-spoken voice . i felt badly saying `` what ? '' so many time but finally got the order straight . he wa very patient with us.after tasting the magnificent rib , we told him that these were the best rib we will ever tasted ( also over the dratted television noise ) . the guy wa positively beaming and we had a nice conversation with him . he said the recipe ha been in the family for 140 year so far . he also said that the style wa louisiana bbq . i had mild and my brother-in-law had hot . we were both extremely satisfied . there wa plenty of meat on the rib and they were done to perfection . they did not have cole slaw but we did try potato salad -- very good too ! the ambiance is nothing to write home about , but it seemed good enough . but the rib are so good that i very much look forward to , actually long to , go back again . i crave the rib and it is only been 4 day since i wa there for the first time .
the rib were great with mild sauce . the chicken with hot sauce wa ok . hot sauce wa nice and hot , but not the greatest flavor . mild sauce wa delicious . slaw wa not very good . mac salad wa good . collard green ... well , not for me ... definitely worth a visit .
one of my favorite place for take-out in pittsburgh . the rib are cooked southern style , and just the way i love them . this is extremely satisfying slow cooked wood fire bbq . you have to get there early in the evening to get the chicken.the service is quirky , but i find it charming . the decor is `` down home . `` the hot sauce is hotter than you might expect ... so i recommend you ask for a mix , or just go for the mild.let is just say i every so often get a craving for wilson is bbq , and it is always a special treat .
this is an unassuming place on the north side - close to the mattress factory . but walking in the door , you are hit with a wall of smokiness ( the rib kind ) , and you know this is a serious place . the owner , mr wilson , is a quiet man of few word . you have 2 choice - rib or chicken . rib come in small plate , large plate , or full rack . then you can add on side and soda at about $ 1 each . i went with a small group , and we filled ourselves silly on rib and side . very good sauce . the small plate of rib is *very* filling for lunch . a others have said , the decor is nothing to write home about . but there are a few table . most of the business when we were there wa take-out , which i will definitely be returning to do .
we love the rib here . watch out , the spicy sauce is really spicy . the location is nice to grab something for a tailgate party . never disappointed , although the place look like a dive , it is actually really really good . i wish they still made pulled pork sandwich , maybe someday ...
a brick wood-fired smoker with a cast iron door , a stainless steel prep table with cutting board , cooler case , a cash register , and a man who ha been tending the coal well beyond your time.wilson is is what a great bbq place should be . simple . there is no sense in overanalyzing what mr. wilson ha been doing here for year . he is not a competition circuit smoker , not a modern restaurateur spreading his seed across pittsburgh , and certainly no hipster chef serving ingredient grown in his rooftop garden.ribs . chicken . sauce.the slow smoked spare rib , sold by the plate size or full rack , are smoked just long enough to make the rib bone protrude from the top of the slab but not long enough so the meat is `` falling off the bone '' ... tender and juicy , but enough bite to let you know that you are eating the flesh off an animal . the color and texture of the surface are not overwhelming in flavor but give you just enough crust and seasoning to let you experience the stratum of bark / meat / fat . for those that do not like fat , you will complain about the rib . spare have a tendency to hold a bit more fat within the meat fiber , particularly the section around the tip that are usually trimmed for a st. louis cut . you want low fat ? eat a pork loin or a handful of grass.the chicken are halved and smoked right alongside the rib . the skin had nice chew , a good simple rub , and cooked beyond the point of any gummy texture but not so long that it wa a layer of armor surrounding the meat . the dark meat wa succulent and the white meat maintained just the right amount of moisture.as requested , everything wa served with the hot bbq sauce . not mind blowingly hot , but a well rounded picquant flavor with a bit of black pepper on the tip of the tongue . tomato base with a bit of vinegar , good enough to compliment the meat and fat of both animals.as for side , the collard green are tender and you will come across the occasional gold nugget of pork . the coleslaw and macaroni salad are simple and a bit underseasoned , but when eaten in tandem with the meat and sauce they compliment everything just fine . mr. wilson also cap off an order with the true stamp of great bbq ... white bread . a vessel to mop up all the rib shrapnel swimming in the pool of sauce at the bottom of your styrofoam container.it is not the cleanest , it is not the classiest ... why ? it is a rib shack in an old house that is been here for going on 53 year . it may not be the best barbecue you will ever eat , but in a city with new restaurant popping up every week that all try to outduel each other with trendy ingredient , it is nice to know that i can walk in through an old screen door and be slapped in the face with a stiff breeze of smoking pork ... without having to worry about anyone selling me small portion size , extravagant presentation , and a list of 35 ingredient to compose a single dish .
rib were so fresh and fool of smoke loved it . sauce is home made got the mixed had just the rite bite to it .
a soon a you open the door , the smoky aroma of rib cooking greets you ! the rib were delish but not a crazy about the side . i usually love collard green and cole slaw with my rib but the green were too salty and the cole slaw wa nothing special . also missing corn bread ! but the rib are among the best in the burgh . only did take out ... small place for any large group .
i stopped by yesterday at around 5:30 with cm to grab some dinner after spending the afternoon at the aviary . i will wanted to try wilson is last weekend before a visit to the mattress factory , but wa not able to because we lacked cash , and wilson is is a cash only establishment . this time , we came prepared with plenty of green , so we were able to get our bbq bliss on.in case you do not notice the heady odor of smoked meat when approaching wilson is , it literally hit you in the face a soon a you walk in . i first inquired about the chicken , but wa told by the gentleman working behind the counter ( presumably mr. wilson ) that they were out of it for the day . thus , cm and i decided to split a large plate of rib ( around $ 12 ) , which come with 6 bone . because we will heard that wilson is hot sauce is seriously hot , we ordered a mix of hot and mild sauce for the rib . for side , we decided to order the collard green and the potato salad ( $ 1.34 each ) , and i got a can of iced tea , a well ( $ 1 ) . because he is still having some trouble breathing from his ongoing cold , cm requested that we get our item to go , so i obliged.after finding a picnic table in west park common with a little help from a local resident , we unpacked the food and dug in . we first tried the rib , and found them appropriately smoky and the right texture , with sufficient give but not falling apart . the sauce wa just the right level of spiciness to satisfy both of u , a well -- spicy enough to provide a nice kick , but not so spicy a to be overwhelming . after finishing the rib , we both used the slice of white bread provided to soak up the remaining sauce . a for the side , they were clearly homemade and of good quality and flavor , though the potato salad wa a bit mushier than i am accustomed to , and the collard were a bit saltier than i will like.overall , we were quite pleased with the quality and amount of food that we received for the price that we paid ( around $ 16 ) . make no mistake : wilson is is a hole in the wall , but in the best sense of the phrase -- check it out for solid , unpretentious bbq that hit the spot for a casual picnic lunch or dinner if you happen to be in the area .
simply the best rib you can find in pittsburgh . also make sure to get an order of green with your take out order
simply the best rib you can find in pittsburgh . also make sure to get an order of green with your take out order
i almost turned around and left after going in here this afternoon , but i wa too hungry to walk away from the amazing smell that surround this place for about three block . ok so glad i did not let the total lack of ambiance or ac turn me off ! the people are great and the bbq and macaroni salad are the best i have ever had . i did not even know i could eat a half a chicken , but i sure did today ! if if been alone , i am pretty sure i will have licked the plate , too . this place is amazing . make sure you have cash on hand !
i have grown up on wilson is rib and chicken and have always loved it . today i stopped by and wa not disappointed . the hot sauce is exactly how i have remembered it . the rib fell off the bone . the potato salad is amazing , and i tried the green for the 1st time and it wa just a good . it may sound like i am over hyping wilson but , it follows through with how great it is . the service wa also extremely friendly too . i can not wait to go back : - ) best bbq in pittsburgh .
do not risk it . never open when you need it , unreliable availability with his product . he offered to reserve some for me until it wa done cooking and then when i returned on time he had already sold it . i wa excited to try it for the first time but will not waste my effort in the future if this is how customer service is handled . there are other bbq place that actually have food to serve .
my favorite place in pittsburgh for rib ! the smoky flavor and especially the barbecue sauce are what make me return time and time again !
awesome place . my husband love their rib and i love their chicken . it is so close and convient to get to . favorite place to go for the smokey flavor .
great neighborhood joint for rib . the rib are tender and smoky . the hot sauce is actually quite spicy but delicious !
ben roethlisberger . one hot piece of man-steak .
here we go , steelers , he we go . pittsburgh goin ' to the superbowl ! `` y'ins kicked as this yir , playin dawn-tawn at the new stadium . '' i love you , the best thing about pittsburgh- ever .
been a steelers fan since the day i wa born ! ! ! ! i love that we are the champ but , honestly we arent playing like champ lately ! whats up with that ? ! ! ! ! can cowher bench ben until he truly is recovered from all his tramatic experience this year ? batch did u well ... . im also not happy with all the interception ... ... .why ? ! ! ! ben is a good egg , but just rest up ... .we still have a few more week ! we can save him for the ship ! i know we will make playoff ! ill always keep my steelers pride ! ! ! !
steel pride , baby ! always gon na love the black and gold ! every city i have lived in ha had more than one steeler bar . never fear , if you a fan outside the burgh , check out : http : //www.post-gazette.com/steelers/steelerbars.asp to find out where you can watch a game with the steeler faithful .
no equal . here we go stillers here we go ! ! !
when you love these guy you will love them forever ! this team wiggle it way into your heart and you will watch them play through good and bad year and they will always be no . 1 ! i wa there when they imploded three river stadium - living up on mount washington . we had an implosion party at the crack of dawn to give that wonderful old stadium a send off that no fan will ever forget ! now the new ( and beautiful ) heinz stadium ha taken it place . a worthy playing yard for a worthy football team . go steelers go !
a i sit in my living room , gazing at the baby sized steelers hat that i wore a a newborn arriving home from the hospital , it is obvious i have no choice but to bleed black and gold.i have been there for my steelers ( oh , our steelers , your steelers ) through season good and bad ( even last season ) . i have screamed my head off at those espn analyst who constantly underrate ( if they do not ignore ) my black and gold ( oh , and by the way , did you know that ben had a motorcycle accident , an emergency appendectomy , and a concussion last year ? did you hear about that ? didya ? ) . i have thrown away one perfectly good troy polamalu jersey for fear it wa cursed ( and replaced it with an excellent number 43 throwback jersey ) . and , when i lived in san francisco , i woke up for 10am game and had a beer in my hand before kickoff.there is nothing , nothing in this world that could ever get me to root against the steelers , or to believe anything other than the steelers are the best football team in the history of professional american football . plus , heinz field is easily the most beautiful stadium in the nation . now , we just need a ring for that other hand ...
it wa so awesome to watch the stompin ' unleashed on the raven this past monday night . sweet to see the old time star at the game.i can not believe what a snot nosed contrarian i wa a a kid - rooting for the cowboy of all thing . go steelers !
the steelers are the coolest team in football . they have the best color , city , history , most fan , etc . and they pretty much dominate .
5 time super bowl champ .
still the best ( and for me , the only ) professional football team in the world ...
being born in 1970 wa about perfect . pittsburgh wa becoming the city of champion . the steelers will always be my favorite team . i even have the logo on my neck , under my ear : d mostly having this tat let me know where the steelers bar are in other town , a soon a someone see it the usually tell me .
born in los angeles can . never seen the light of pittsburgh . only 1 team get me emotional and excited in the nfl and that is the pittsburgh steelers ! i love this team . we are the best fan in the nfl . i went to disneyland with my troy polamalu jersey because i had to represent . while i wa there 5-6 totally random stranger chanted out go steelers ! now where will you ever hear fan chant that out randomly ? only steeler fan because we have so much pride in our team . i have always wanted to go up to pittsburgh and go to a steeler game in heinz field waving my terrible towel . go steelers !
best review ever ! ( thanks and apology to marzan for shamelessly lifting her word - hey , if it is done right already , why change a good thing = ) forever steeler faithful . why ? -5 time superbowl champ ! -the birth of the steel curtain defense - possibly the most potent 3-4 defensive scheme that ha endured to this day - steelers still # 1 in defense . thank you , chuck noll . - '' the immaculate reception '' - to beat out the hated raider no le - in your face john madden ha ha ! ! ! ! - an nfl dynasty.- hall of famers ( i.e . terry bradshaw , mean joe green , jack ham , mel blount , franco harris , jack lambert , chuck noll , mike webster , lynn swann , john stallworth and many more ) go steelers ! if this review look familiar , i admit - mine is the copy = ) after all , imitation is the sincerest form of flattery , right ? # 15
i am starting to love you guy more and more . i first fell in love in 2005 . i did not have a football team growing up and it took me a while to find the right one . a i started to follow your game , i became more excited , more involved . i stuck with you through thick and thin . no jumping off the bandwagon . i look forward to watching you guy play football every sunday . i go out of my way going to restaurant , bar , etc , just to catch your game if it is not on local tv . i am a hardcore devoted fan that appreciates all the excitement and joy you bring me along with the frustration and anger . i will be waving my terrible towel , loud and proud for you guy . bring back the superbowl this year and every year after that ! i bleed black and gold . go steelers !
mark my word : first to six .
been a fan since i wa a little kid . i do not know why my dad and i , who could not agree on anything , both loved the steelers . and we were from california.but you talk about a team for all season and all reason ! it took over 40 year for me to finally get to a game out here . unfortunately you did not win , but we love you still the same ! anyone willing to wear their steelers gear to a raider game , ride bart for over 20 mile to get there and walk back to the train afterwards - is a fan dammit ! and one day , the five of u are going to get in an rv and drive across the country and go to a game ... .. right there in pittsburgh . look out !
three bird left and pound of steel make for good target practice ! the pittsburgh steelers have one of the best record in football history . they have won 5 out of 42 super bowl . only 3 team have won 5 and that is the steelers , the cowboy and the sf 49 is . seeing the steelers are the only one of those three in the playoff , they could break all record this year , by winning 6 super bowl . if they go to the super bowl again this year , it will be their 7th appearance.if , is the biggest word in the english language . if my grandmother had 4 wheel , she would be a box car . i wa not thrilled when bill cowher left the steelers , but i must say mike tomlin ha done a fine job and we were blessed , to have had two great coach . i have been an avid collector of autographed sport memorabilia for many , many year . i have quite a lot of autographed steelers merchandise , including a football jersey signed by the steel curtain . i can not help but admire that more and more each week and think of how mean joe green and lc greenwood will be watching the game , with nerve of steel and how ernie holmes and mad dog dwight white will be smiling down upon big ben , willie parker , hines ward , troy polamalu , harrison , holmes and the rest of the team . this week the steelers have home field advantage of a ridiculous time of 6:30 against the raven . the raven play hard and rough and my finger are crossed that we beat them for a third time this year . everyone is thinking of how great it would be to have a pa. super bowl . i went to heinz field for the 2004 eagles/steelers game . i drove from philadelphia along with eagle fan galore . we won and it wa an awesome ride home . go steelers ! ! you rock my world ! give me one for the other hand !
coming from holland i did not have a football team , and i am not the type that jump on any bandwagon that pass by . i needed a team that fit my personality , a team that 'clicks ' . so i did some research and quickly certain team dropped the list of potential favorite . besides that i had to get used to the game in all it is aspect . it wa a search that took over 4 year looking , checking and searching for that feeling that your team is suppose to give you when they play . that feeling of pain , anger and lost when your team leaf the field defeated , or the feeling of joy , full ecstasy and invisibility when the team beat it is opponent . well it happened in 2004 after almost 5 year of learning the game , researching the team and most important falling in love with football . it happened in 2004 in roethlisberger is rookie year , i realized the steelers where a team after my heart . my favorite ( 43 ) polamalu ( usc baby ! ) , like a 'heat seeking missile ' going after anything that is getting to close to putting a number on the board . big ben a qb that is not afraid to get hurt or hurt you when necessary . willy parker , always smiling ward ( even when it hurt ) , the bus , harrison ( watch out now ! ) , santonio holmes , tomlin ( yes we can ) and all the others that made steeler football part of my life . i did not only fall in love with the steelers a a team , but also the history of this great team wa an important factor . i am still growing in knowledge concerning the game , and becoming more and more familiar with the past and present of the steelers , but one thing i know for now and for the future ; `` i am a steeler fan ! '' ... ... and i can not wait for next season when we face the titan again and take care of business with lendale white ( for a former usc trojan you stink ! ) , after what he did to our terrible towel , but first let is go to the super bowl xliii and finish the bird .
we ate crow last night for dinner . quoth the raven , never more ! we are going to the super bowl for the 7th time in 43 super bowl , baby !
i wa raised on the steelers from birth . there really are not any other option in a working class western pa household . the love still hold strong and it is a tie that will bind me to my family and the area forever.there is a picture of me a a baby , in my grandfather is lap . i am holding a terrible towel , and he is wearing a goofy steelers golf-looking hat with a pom pom on top . when he passed away a few year ago , i buried him with a terrible towel , and my grandma gave me that hat . i wear it proudly now ( see pic ) . can not wait to get that 6th ring , guy .
i did not even like football before i moved to pittsburgh , but that all changed when i discovered the glory of the pittsburgh steelers . i came here in 2005 and got totally sucked into the march towards the 5th super bowl win , and i never have become uninfatuated . now i scream and wave the terrible towel around in the air with the best of 'em . i am crossing my finger that we will be the first to 6 super bowl win ...
http : //www.steelerladies.com/we love bird and they are easy prey ; + } even these last little red bird plucked out the feather of the big green bird . we are going to take them down and use their little bone for toothpick !
we are the all time champ , that is number one to you , but number six to u ! another record . for 100 yard from harrison ! congrats to the new steel curtain ! ! . arizona , you did keep u going ! congrats for a great game ! ! ! ; + } mvp holmes you rock man ! !
what a crazy season ! ! ! ! ! despite the league toughest schedule in nfl history , you guy managed to put out all the stop and become superbowl xliii champion . i am so proud of you guy . if i wa in pittsburgh , i would be rioting there right this minute . streaking but naked in the snow ! ! ! ! 6 superbowl championship , the most in nfl franchise history ! wow there were a bunch of memorable game and play this season : the overtime fg against the raven . the 91 yd drive down to santonio holmes for the touchdown which got reviewed . the pick off of tony romo for the game winning touchdown , the domination against the patriot , the strange 11-10 victory against the charger during the regular season , the crazy troy polamalu interception , the jaw breaking block by hines ward , the ryan clark hit , james harrison becoming defensive mvp , the big 2 minute drive against the cardinal , santonio holmes big play , big ben amazing ability to scramble and make big play , the steelers # 1 defense , the mediocre o-line ( haha who ha the last laugh now ) , and of course , mike tomlin , the man that kept the team focused and made everything happen . you guy are the very reason why i love football . thank you for such a great season .
a ring for each finger and a sixth for my ... other hand ! you are dirty ! go steelers ! ! !
ben `` superbowl xliii champion , the pittsburgh steelers '' f. say : what a crazy season ! ! ! ! ! despite the league toughest schedule in nfl history , you guy managed to put out all the stop and become superbowl xliii champion . i am so proud of you guy . if i wa in pittsburgh , i would be rioting there right this minute . streaking but naked in the snow ! ! ! ! 6 superbowl championship , the most in nfl franchise history ! wow there were a bunch of memorable game and play this season : the overtime fg against the raven . the 91 yd drive down to santonio holmes for the touchdown which got reviewed . the pick off of tony romo for the game winning touchdown , the domination against the patriot , the strange 11-10 victory against the charger during the regular season , the crazy troy polamalu interception , the jaw breaking block by hines ward , the ryan clark hit , james harrison becoming defensive mvp , the big 2 minute drive against the cardinal , santonio holmes big play , big ben amazing ability to scramble and make big play , the steelers # 1 defense , the mediocre o-line ( haha who ha the last laugh now ) , and of course , mike tomlin , the man that kept the team focused and made everything happen.you guy are the very reason why i love football.thank you for such a great season.___________________+1 . thank you pittsburgh steelers .
steelers , you did not let u down . i have nothing but love for this team , this city , and it fan . i waited a full day to write this so that it would not sound too obsessed.but , that is 6 time , baby ! you can not fuck with that . that is the best ever.i want to thank my mom and my dad , for having me on the western side of the great state of pennsylvania . i also want to thank them for being the best and least annoying people to watch football with.i want to thank mom specifically for giving me a general adhd-proof explanation of what the hell is going on during a football game . i will never be able to watch football if it were not for her . i also want to thank her for freaking out and screaming the way i did when # 92 intercepted the football and ran it 100 yard into the pittsburgh end zone . i will also like to thank her for not getting mad when i started jumping on her furniture when # 10 made a game-winning catch with 2:4x left to go in the 4th . i also want to thank her for making dad and me delicious chili and a steelers cake so that we would not get ill from all the excitement.i want to thank dad specifically for his love of the game and for explaining it intricacy to me [ but only after mom ha had her say first . ] i also want to thank dad for laughing with mom and i rather than at mom and i. i want to thank the iron and steel worker who have made the three river region what it is and for inspiring the best football team in the nfl and for being it best fan . for once , the working class come out ahead ! i want to thank # 43 troy palomalu for intercepting and scoring at 40 yard , thus sealing a steeler victory during the afc championship vs. the raven . http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=idlq28cqgr8i want to thank our even-tempered head coach mike tomlin for guiding our boy to a 2009 super bowl victory.i want to thank # 92 james harrison , nfl.com defensive player of the year , for making an unforgettable interception in the cardinal ' end zone and running it 100 yard into the steelers ' end zone ! damn , bitch ! http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=cyeaypl7xkii want to thank cardinal # 11 steve breaston for blocking fellow cardinal # 15 larry fitzgerald during our record setting 100 yard run . lol ! http : //images.ocregister.com/newsimages/2009/02/01/b78465123z120090201212121000gflgcrqt1_lg.jpgi want to thank # 10 santonio holmes for making an impossible catch to win the super bowl . you left u breathless when your foot touched the end zone . love . http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=_ijhpxrsgqqi want to thank the cardinal for an unexpectedly good game . ( lol-i accidentally wrote raven at first ! ) i want to thank liz for rooting for the steelers . i guess i will thank scott for going for the cardinal , so i had a face to rub our victory into . go pittsburgh ! i love the steelers ! xoxo ! s.w.a.k .
on a le serious note , i want to thank all the bitch who keep saying sixburgh got lucky . i waited six day to post this , one for each super bowl the steelers have won . one for each super bowl we have exceeded the cardinal by . one for each super bowl we have won that make the steelers the best of the best.so ya . thanks , suckas ! you are funny .
i wanted to choose something special for my 100th review . it ha to be something near and dear to my heart ... i choose to rate my most favorite professional sport team , the pittsburgh steelers.being that i wa born in western pennsylvania and raised in pittsburgh during the dawn of the steel curtain , the immaculate reception , and the four super bowl in the late 70 is and early 80 is , it is hard to find a better reason to not rate this sport team a 5 yelp star . now that the 21st century is started ... .2 more lombardi trophy were added . i am not saying dynasty , but this team ha a history of success and it is not hard to say for a small market team ... this team is very successful.as a fan of national football league and the pittsburgh steelers , this team is a model for the way other organization should be managed.dallas and san francisco are in the holding pattern at 5 super bowl . new england , new york giant , and the indianapolis colt ' doe not have the history and only time will tell ... ..here we go steelers , here we go ! ! !
1 star for your cover-2 defense that lost me $ 100 on the super bowl . i thought yall were going to shut down fitzgerald . you disappointed me . would not have mattered if that big ben td did not get called back and turned into a field goal , but damn your cover-2 d that let fitz run wild on yall.national fixed league on them spread buster . vega owns the nfl ! sheiiit ! ! !
not crazy about football like i use to be when i wa a small fry but a far a football team go the steeler are a solid team ! and their fan are crazy good crazy . unless you come up against em and then their crazy bad crazy . so upon moving to pittsburgh several year back i often hid the fact that i always worshiped the dallas cowboy for fear of being ridiculed beaten or both . if you live in pittsburgh you will learn that it is wise to pay respect to the steelers or else ...
not much you say about the steelers that the sport world doe not already know . the steelers are the model for what all professional football team strive to be . from the ownership , the player , stadium , to the fan base we have it all . the only downfall of being a steeler fan is that trying to get ticket is about a difficult a trying to catch a cheetah in the open prairie . for those that want to experience what this is like bad can not land ticket to the game i would recommend going 2-3 hour before the game and join in the tailgating festivity . once the game start take your friend over to one of the many northside bar to enjoy the game . mcfaddens and bettis is are top on that list .
i am not crazy about football but it is a nice stadium and fun to come with other people . the game are fun and the fan are great they are very into the game which fan should be .
this team ha six super bowl ring now , and when they won the sixth , it wa the second best day of my 2009 ( i did just get married ) .however , a a steelers fan , i am very greedy and am going to say that there are serious problem with our defense , and what on earth is up with that fourth quarter meltdown epidemic ? five star , though . you know , because `` this is a five star matchup because we are in it '' and so on .
despite maybe a not-stellar season in 2009 , i finally got the chance to see these guy live at heinz against the raven ... .and they won ! so . much . team . spirit.what i love , and what made a strong first impression : -the terrible towel ... everybody is got one-the steel curtain-6 superbowl championships-they beat out the seahawks and i am glad they did ... even though i live in seattle
whoop - 6 time super bowl champ !
a a '70s raider fan jack lambert is missing teeth caused me much pain a did a certain immaculate reception by franco harris . a time ha passed and having visited the beautiful city of pitssburgh , i now respect the steelers organization and more nfl team should be run this way.they have great unis , cool logo only on one side of the helmet , fantastic heinz field and a fab base of displaced pittsburghers all over the nation .
what an beautiful view of the city from the stadium , it is breath taking ! steelers fan are the best ! i have been to two steelers game , one in denver where the whooped some bronco wazoo , and last thursday when the dominated the panther . i do not remember the whole game , but they won and i had fun ! ! !
under the wire all season except they were expected to be 1-3 with ben benched for 4 game .
she is dressed in black and yellow , she say `` hello , come sit next to me you fine fellow . `` you run over there without a second to loseand what come next , steelers bust a move ! ! !
steelers nation - let is debrief . the packer won . straight out.the steeler is secondary wa continually compromised by aaron rodgers and their spread-receiving corp . in my estimation , there were only 4 offense in the league that could have exposed the steeler is 1st overall scoring defense this year - the packer ( obviously ) , the saint , the patriot , and the eagles.the steeler is offense wa plagued by poor quarterback play . a much a i had defended ben a the best quarterback in the league for this team , his deficiency created a deficit that proved to be insurmountable . he had faced some of the league is best defense and had not given up 2 interception all season , which lead me to believe the pack wa the only team in the league capable of shutting down the steeler is offense so effectively , even with key injury to their secondary . in retrospect , i think the steelers should have pursued a trade for the first overall draft pick ( aka sam bradford ) for ben roethlisberger a bit more aggressively , although the draft pick we had kept by not doing so represent a lot of potential for upcoming year . i think it is very clear that the first priority for the steelers in next year is draft is at cornerback ( even with rookie crezdon butler is eventual return ) , and the secondary will need to improve significantly next year after being so exposed this year in order to be in playoff contention again . to this , i will have to recommend for the second straight year that # 22 william gay be cut immediately , a he ha continually shown that he can not answer the bell and play to the steelers ' standard . all in all , it wa a good year - with the loss of so many offensive linemen and aaron smith to injury , i would not have expected more than a wild card berth and possibly a playoff win . 3 rookie had shown significant potential with 3 others being groomed for future stardom , while reacquiring veteran ex-steelers had a nominal impact on the field ( but whose locker room presence may have been more valuable ) . getting to the super bowl this year wa a bittersweet surprise , which will give the team valuable experience a veteran leader may potentially leave after this season .
thanks steelers for a great 2010 season , even though we came up short in winning our seventh championship , you have made this city proud ! we will do it in 2011 and super bowl xlvi in indianapolis ! here we go steelers , here we go ! !
wait , what ? pittsburgh ha a football team ? i had not noticed . maybe if this whole town showed some pride for their team , perhaps by displaying the team is color , they could come to be enthusiastic about them.just a thought.also : i am entertained that i wa able to check into an inanimate object . more of a concept , really .
there is no experience like watching the pittsburgh steelers in a crucial game at home . the stadium is electric . steelers fan are insanely passionate about their team , bordering an unhealthy obsession . good luck trying to get a ticket at face value .
got ta love the steelers.no matter where you go in the world , you will find a steelers fan . i wa once in croatia ( european country ) and some local croatian recognized my dad is shirt and started shouting `` yeahhh steeelers . '' dallas cowboy may be considered america team , but the steelers is the world team.here we go steelers ; here we go .
without a doubt the pittsburgh steelers are one of the greatest and most respected team in the national football league.founded in 1933 by arthur j. rooney , they were known a the pittsburgh pirate , later , given their own identity and renamed the `` steelers '' in honor of pittsburgh is steel industry . the first thirty-nine year were not kind to art rooney and the city of pittsburgh , the steelers could never put a winning season together , until , finally in 1972 chuck noll guided the team to their first divisional crown and playoff victory . it wa on december 31st that perhaps the greatest play in nfl history took place when the `` immaculate reception '' propelled the steelers to a victory over the oakland raider . instantly the city became a football town , with the steelers winning four super bowl in six seasons.no team ha more super bowl victory ( 6 ) than the steelers . also , chuck noll is the winningest coach with four super bowl crown . bill cower and present head coach mike tomlin also have super bowl victory . notable steelers in the pro football hall of fame : lynn swann , jack lambert , jack ham , `` mean '' joe greene , terry bradshaw , founder art `` the chief '' rooney , chuck noll , mike webster , dan rooney , franco harris , and many more . steeler fan want the hall of fame to open a steeler is wing to accommodate all of the player in the hall and future hall of famers.the steelers have had four home , pitt stadium , forbes field , three river stadium and heinz field .
benchmark of professional football . most superbowls in the sport . have the biggest fan following of all the team . picked up steam during it dynasty year in the 1970s . before then , the steelers were a terrible team . right draft pick , right coaching staff change everything . today is one of the most feared team in the nfl . their play represents the city . tough , blue collared in which any north east resident can appreciate.grade : a
i have been a steelers fan a long a i can remember . i love the steelers a a sport team , but this week i am very disappointed . tisk tisk steeler higher ups . this doe have to do directly with steelers policy not heinz field . i have a 9 month old daughter and i wa so looking forward to taking her to her very first steeler game ! now , she is a very very good baby and in social situation i have been able to take her everywhere . she love people and love to take in new and exciting experience . the point of this is that she would be well behaved , laughing at a steelers game , and most likely clapping with rowdy fan not throwing a temper tantrum and disrupting the game for others . i would take her out if she wa upset , believe me i get it ! i feel that the steeler organization is trying to weed out the younger crowd by charging full price for a ticket and a seat that a baby can not even use . most kid friendly place do not charge for child 2 and under , that includes aiirlines in the u , museum , fair , zoo , concert venue , pitt game ( at heinz field ) baseball game ( pnc park ) , and many more le opulent business . a far a the steelers are concerned even though your child will not be using a seat they have to buy a full price ticket . i asked about club level seating and yes especially in the club . which would be the best place to walk around and entertain a youngster if fussy . if you purchase non club seating then it doe not matter where your baby sits if you have lower level seat . getting 3 seat together can be much pricier than a pair and are harder to find . i asked why this wa the policy and an unfriendly person told me that `` steeler policy state that gate operator is not incumbent to ass a child age of 2 or under so they do not have the resource available for gate entry for people in line entering the stadium . `` sorry but considering the pirate allow free entry under 2 and offer discounted ticket for child under 2 if they want to participate in the activity for child is day . so not cool steelers !
perfect experience for this steelers fan from maryland . had the walk up tour , tour guide knew exactly what she wa talking about with a great personality to match . had a really great time : )
seattle may have just won the 2014 super bowl , but the steelers still rock with six ring , baby ! ! ! just stating what all steeler fan know : a steel dynasty is still unmatched no matter what team claim the title of current super bowl champs.. go steelers ! ! !
yay for steelers ! it is awesome that mike tomlin look like omar epps . also pittsburgh food is awesome . pierogi , pork and sauerkraut , hoagy , pizza , and stuffed cabbage roll .
did you know that the hubby part of brangelina ha a collection of vw beetle ? they are collectively known a pittsbugs.yayyyy , i love the steelers . my all time fave is the chief and my hometown team is the bill but i will always have a plecial space in hy meart for the stittsburgh peeler . they sure know how to get an orange ready to eat , you know ? or a potato.first-hand experience : i have seen the steelers play both home and away , and they won every single time . i saw them at three river . i saw them at heinz . i saw them play in cinci . every single time i see them live in person , they win . and they win superbowls too , whenever i happen to be watching . if i am not watching ( cough cough packer ) they lose . so all in all , the steelers and i are connected and i absolutely love them , just like i love the bill , chief and patriot . why are all the team i love in the damn afc ? now that i have seen every nfl team play live & been to every nfl stadium ( current and former ) , time to review them on yelp ! i love stadium ! i have been to every cool stadium in the uk & north america , due to my obsession with travel & sport . i have toured america a a musician for 7 year . in that time , i have seen sport game at ( or visited when empty , or both ) almost every major stadium in u and canada . i have picture of most which i will upload at some point . also , on future travel , i plan to take new pix , and add more stadium ! watch this space ! ***back to regular review***i love : the black and goldbig benhines wardall the receiver past ( holmes , burress , antwaan randle el ) kordell , even . maybe tommy maddoxtroy polamolubill cowheri like the new coach too . i know he is been around year . tomlin.i liked kendrell bell.i love the color , they are sexy color . maybe i think they are sexy because pittsburgh girl are sexy , and almost always wear black and gold . i have never seen so much of a city wearing the same team color , it is awesome . did i mention i love pittsburgh girls.i love the university . i nearly went there but then got a free ride elsewhere . i love the cathedral of learning . i love the city , it is incredible . i love the stadium.you could do a little to be a little more friendly , but then i could say the same about nyc or philly or even buffalo . oh and you have some amazeballs food here . and the view from the west end is just spectacular . you can see the stadium and everything , it is stunning . i love going up there , night or day . amazing view all over the city . cool glass castle . and so on.i love all the trick play you guy would run on your amazing superbowl runs.ok enough.if you want good food in pitt try these : mike and tony is gyromorty is steakhouse burger from burgatory and their shake tootacos from outside la palmas on brooklinepizza from fioris pizzariabluberry pancake from pamela is p & g dineranything from kelly o'schocolate malt w/caramel shake and fresh lemonade from handel'scoconut shake from there toothat is all i can remember for now.but if you ever go down a mine and there are insect , do not worry . they are just pit bug .
going to a steelers game is an absolutely electric event . tailgating , whether with friend or stranger , is a must . everyone is so inviting . steeler fan are not only the best fan in all of pro sport , they are the definition of `` salt of the earth '' . everyone you meet here is friendly , kind and helpful . unless of course , you are a disgusting raven or cowgirl fan . ai not nobody got time fo that !
the pittsburgh steelers the afc north division . yelp challenge 63/100.i do not really care for them , but i respect them a lot . this team ha a pipeline to arizona and tennessee which some fan call the card `` pittsburgh west ' and the titan are called `` pittsburgh south '' .for the casual nfl fan or to those fantasy football playing addict . if you do not know what i ment . here you go : ) : ) those two team are called that because of former coach from pittsburgh and player who played for the steelers . a a fan i love seeing that , it is called `` loyalty '' . it show a lot , when the player follow the coach . it is the player and coach we cheer for on sunday . it is still a team game right ? i wa kinda sad to see dick lebeau leave , dude is like the god father of defense . i am glad he is still in the nfl helping out pittsburgh south the titan and the `` whiz '' ken whisenhunt.so this team ha my up most respect a a football fan . upper management can screw a player and coach over . but you know you have a great coach when you see player flock to him . vincent d aka vd aka vebola aka vincent vega.always , enjoying the simple thing in life .
pittsburgh steelers training camp 2015 by ed skirtich new star like fullback will johnson and running back le'veon bell emerged a new star at 50th pittsburgh steeler training camp in 2015 at chuck noll field at saint vincent college in latrobe , pa bell is up the middle rush and johnson is catching and then running with the football were highlight of the day . in his 12th year a the steelers starting quarterback , ben roethlisberger passed with ease . only wearing a white sleeveless t-shirt and yellow and black pant , he easily threw short touchdown pass to 11 year veteran heath miller . he caught several quick reception on short pass in the end zone from roethlisberger . wide receiver markus wheaton , an up and coming star for the steelers , made several large reception down the field . for his 10th year in the nfl , bruce gradkowski looked great too making completion to miller and wheaton . new defensive coordinator keith butler had great steeler defense . they made great goal line stop . plus linebacker coach joey porter had them perform with great pas coverage . 10th year steeler head coach mike tomlin endured the heat of chuck noll field with his black hat , sweat shirt , and sweat pant intensely watching each player . he hope to lead the steelers to another super bowl . chuck noll field wa a great place to place to watch the steelers practice . handicapped accessible seating and great view of all three field were excellent . it wa fun watching all the action from the stand .
i will admit the chipped ham sandwich wa good . it wa tender and salty and soft on the wheat bread . but this is just a deli . more like a bodega than anything actually . the signage is classic and the neighborhood , especially ohio street , is a delight . isaly is is a pittsburgh legend , but more sentiment for yesteryear than anything .
my friend life near here so i came to satisfy my deli sandwich craving . the inside is super dingy deli/convenience store , so i wa excited for a real , down and dirty deli sandwich . they have a lot of weird item in their grocery section which can be kind of fun to look through.i got an italian `` hoagie '' a i feel is the appropriate term for this ultra-pittsburgh spot . it wa bad . totally skimpy on the meat , and it had american cheese and mayo , which do not go well with italian meat at all ... provolone and oil & vinegar would have made way more sense . the bread wa a squishy white bun . i mean , i still ate it , but i did not really enjoy it . it made me kind of sad . it wa just a sad , floppy excuse for a sandwich . at least it wa cheap ? maybe i should have gotten the chipped ham instead , since that is what they are famous for . i also suspect the location in the north hill ha to be at least marginally better ... this isaly is is clearly past it prime .
i can not believe this place doe not have more review ! there is something so satisfying about buying an isaly is chipped chopped ham sandwich right from the source . the sandwich i bought here were so good and wow i can not believe i am raving about something a simple a a ham sandwich but man it wa memorable . this is seriously one of the last remaining isaly is location so it really should draw more attention than it doe . unfortunately no klondike bar ( they were invented by isaly is ) because apparently isaly is lost the naming right to klondike bar or so i heard . get the chipped chopped ham !
it is cathartic to give this sorry organization 1 star.note : this is a review of the baseball club , not the stadium in which they play
the current era which is now on a 17 season under .500 streak is just horrid and deserves one star at best . the '71 through '79 and the early '90s era get 5 star for having such cool player a roberto clemente , willie stargell and spanky ! throw in pnc park ( with ex-bucco manny sanguillen is bbq stand ) , the always cool black and mustard unis ( bring back the '7s retro look ) and the fact one day the lumber company wil return ( when are the bucs going to return to scouting latin america again ? ) .plus the perogy race are classic !
o my pittsburgh pirate . what a storied history you have ! but the last time you went to the post season wa in 1992 , and i remember it well . i worked a a ticket taker at the old three river stadium and i have such fond memory of working there . i wa 17 when you won your last divisional title and i do not think you have had a winning season in my entire adult life.do not get me wrong , my bucs ! i do love you so much . in a way , i have to . see , you are like the boy i knew in grammar school who wa such a sweet kid , but he wa constantly failing his class -- and he lived in a nice house ! let is take a look at your record since 2000 . i warn you dear pirate -- it will not be pretty . but it is something you have to come to term with:2001 : 62-100 ( last pl ) 2002 : 72-89 ( 4th pl ) 2003 : 75-87 ( 4th pl ) 2004 : 72-89 ( 5th pl ) 2005 : 67-95 ( last ) 2006 : 67-95 ( 5th pl ) 2007 : 68-94 ( last ) 2008 : 67-95 ( last ) 2009 : 62-99 ( last ) 2010 : 56-101 ( last ) * *as of 09-29-2010so that is six season in last place , two 100 loss season , and this season ha been the worst so far.yes , i will still go to your game next season . i will still go with my husband , my co-worker , and my girl posse . my dad and i will still have our father-daughter night out here . but like the parent of that sweet little boy in grammar school with the failing grade , you are really trying my patience . and do not forget , the washington wild thing have been wooing me for the longest !
we are over .500 so far this year ! whoo-hoo ! we are actually mediocre ! and for once the cub are keeping u out of last place instead of the other way around !
hat off to the 2011 version of the pittsburgh pirate ! for the most part , this team showed a lot of heart , they have a talented young group at the core of this team . what a thrilling summer it wa with the buccos near the top of the standing and even being in first place for a few day . ala a bad losing streak towards the end of the summer brought the team down in the standing , but a lesson learned , at least they know they can win . a tweek or two here and there , maybe a little money spent on a free agent or two , and find that elusive home run hitter might bring u a title next year.i went to 12 game this year , and this team almost reached 2 million in attendance , i think next year we will hit 2.2 million and a playoff !
okay my pittsburgh pirate . you maybe deserve 2 1/2 star this past season . like joe d. say , you were in first place for a short time . just think -- 2011 could have been known a `` the season in which we did not suck '' . we could have aimed for mediocrity and a .500 record . but then you went on a bad losing streak at the end ! arrrgh ! well at least the astros and the cub kept u out of last place ! but i give you an extra 1/2 star for having jersey in woman is size ( ahem , washington wild thing http : //www.yelp.com/biz/washington-wild-things-washington # hrid : bwxqf9wwj9yvaueqhdm8jw/src : self ) . we like baseball too and the woman is size fit u way better than the men is do . my folk gave me one for christmas 'cos my old one ( in a man is size ) wore out . the new one fit well and look great !
a cautious 3.5 star here but ... .s-w-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-p ! the bucs swept the royal in interleague play this past weekend ! and okay , i wa there for the second game , not the third . but i took my dad to the game for an early father is day gift . we had a wonderful time a the pirate defeated the royal 5-3 . and i am watching the pirate with guarded optimism here . they are off to the same great start they were last year . an article in the paper said that they were playing small ball , which must eman they are working on the little thing , the fundamental . now let is see if we can keep the momentum going for the rest of the season and finish with at least a winning record for a chiange . oh well , at least with the chicago cub sucking so badly we will not be in the cellar .
i love the buccos , win or lose . going to the game are always a good time , and when they are on tv at the bar , i always find myself happy to enjoy my meal and watch the game . got ta love them battling bucs . please just let me see one round of playoff in pittsburgh before i die..
ugh ! another losing season . wtf man , were not we in first place at the all-star break ? what happened ? i wa not expecting a world series champ or even a pennant winner . but wa a winning season too much to ask for ? this mark the 20th anniversary since the pirate ' last winning season . that is right folk -- it is been since 1992 . let is take a look at the world of 1992.baseball : the pirate ' roster that year included stan belinda , doug drabek , zane smith , denny neagle , jay bell , orlando merced , andy van slyke , and of course barry bond . all have since retired . the only new ballpark were new comiskey park ( now u.s. cellular field ) and camden yard . no stadium had corporate name . the arizona diamondback , the colorado rockies , the miami marlin , and the tampa bay ( devil ) ray did not exist . the washington national were the montreal expo . the milwaukee brewer were in the al . both the nl and the al only had two division each . the minor league washington wild thing did not exist either and nor did their league . kbl wa the big cable sport channel.tv : `` saturday night live is '' cast included dana carvey , ellen cleghorne , chris farley , tim meadow , mike myers , kevin nealon , phil hartman , chris rock , adam sandler , rob schneider , and david spade . `` seinfeld '' had not become a huge hit yet and no one knew kramer is first name . monday night on nbc included `` murphy brown '' , `` evening shade '' and `` northern exposure '' .movies : the top movie included `` lethal weapon 3 '' , `` basic instinct '' , `` hone alone 2 '' , `` the bodyguard '' and `` aladdin '' . when you wanted to watch movie at home , you had to rent them from the video store and you watched them on vhs tape or laserdiscs . music : bruce springsteen released `` lucky town '' and `` human touch '' on the same day . r.e.m . had `` automatic for the people '' . gin blossom released their first album `` new miserable experience '' , which stayed on the chart for almost two year . bare naked lady `` gordon '' featured the cult classic `` if i had a million dollar . '' you either listened to album on cassette or cd and you bought them at record store like national record mart . doug hopkins ( gin blossom ) , kurt cobain ( nirvana ) , shannon hoon ( bline melon ) and jerry garcia ( grateful dead ) were all alive.technology : few people had internet access . you also used pay phone because you did not have a cell phone . you watched movie on a vcr . you met up with your friend without texting them . you ordered merchandise by `` sending in '' or by calling an `` 800 '' number . you had to buy ticket by waiting in line . and oj simpson wa still a football hero.so that is it , pittsburgh pirate . i feel like telling you i am done with you guy . i am no fair weather fan , but 20+ year of losing is enough .
go pirate ! ! ! that is all i can say . they have made me love baseball and pittsburgh again . they are only going to get better .
the pittsburgh pirate just had their first winning season in twenty year . they made the playoff and got pittsburgh excited for baseball again . so what would you rate the pirate front office right now ? are the pirate going to be in the pennant race for year to come or will they be one and done ? neil huntington became the pittsburgh pirate general manager 6 year ago . their minor league system ranked near the bottom half of the mlb when he first started . now they are rated in the top three minor league system in all of baseball . neil ha done a great job drafting the best player available in the mlb amateur draft in his tenure . his first pick wa pedro alvarez . the first manager that he hired wa john russell . i think that wa a terrible hire but i do know what neil wa thinking . the pirate were not going to contend for the next three year at least . so they just wanted to get a guy in there that would do what they wanted and try to teach their young player baseball and keep them motivated . they soon fired russell and made a terrific hire in clint hurdle . in the coming year in the draft the pirate drafted jamison taillon , tony sanchez , and gerit cole . three of these draftee are significant part of the major league team right now . tallion will join the pirate by mid season this year . i give the pirate a grade a in drafting in these last 6 year . before 2008 , pirate management would draft the player who they could sign the easiest and not the best player available . now by drafting the best player available they have made their minor league system and their major league team one of the best in the major . another big factor in the team is most recent success and their future is their international signing . before neil huntington and pirate owner bob nutting there were no pirate facility in latin america . that wa a huge piece the pirate were missing . roberto clemente is from the dominican republic and all of the dr player were going to other team and not the pirate . the pirate built a brand new facility in the dr and now they have some impact player to help the pirate now and into the future . the biggest signing so far ha been starling marte . in 2004 the pirate hired renee gayo to be director of their latin america baseball operation . his first signee wa starling marte and he signed him for a measly $ 100,000 . he is now one of the top left fielder in the game . gayo also signed the pirate number one prospect gregory polanco for $ 150,000 . he should be in pittsburgh by midsummer this year . he ha the potential to be better that marte and mvp andrew mccutchen . the two signing and a multiple other signing are leading the pirate to a very successful short term and long term future . overall i really like what i see from this pirate team and management . yes i would have liked them to sign a few guy over the off season but i trust they know what they are doing . they are relying heavily on their farm system to carry them through this year . they might have to make a trade or two if this plan doe not work but they have a good young core in pittsburgh that should allow them to have another successful 2014 and for several year to come .
beware of purchasing partial season package . i bought a 2014 13 game package and they lied about post season ticket purchase opportunity . in order to purchase ticket to 2014 post season game i wa told that i had to upgrade and purchase a full 2015 season package or else buy online like the general public . also the exchange policy for unused ticket requires snail mail or a physical trip to the stadium office . however the future ticket exchange is done online up to 48 hour prior to the game . they only cater to new business full season ticket holder for post season ticket sale , existing partial season holder get no priority whatsoever .
awesome park beautiful view and great firework show ! ! ! the ambiance is to die for if your a baseball fan and make sure you do the river walk at the stadium priceless ! ! !
there are two way to go about rating my home team . either what type of season they are having or the great player from yesteryear and now that ha made this team part of the city of champions.while it is true the pirate are currently on a losing steak which we had suffered for 19 year straight until the last couple of season , there were year when we hoisted the world series pennant and have some of our greatest player in the baseball hall of fame.i began watching the pirate in my early year when they played at forbes field and later three river stadium both of which are now demolished . they now play at pnc park ( reviewed separately ) with spectacular view of the city.pnc park pay tribute to the great player of yesteryear including honus wagner , roberto clemente , bill mazeroski , and willie stargell to name a few . there is a section at the heinz history center devoted to the pirate . our star player today is andrew mccutcheon . still it is a thrill for kid to run the base a well a have special event planned when the team play at home.in addition the team ha hosted the all star game several time out of which i fortunate to go to one of them when they played at three river stadium.still their continually losing streak is a sense of frustration since it make going to the game somewhat worthless . it will be nice if they could turn thing around a we approach the mid season to make the game more exciting.pirate merchandise is available both online and at pnc park and let is not forget our mascot the pirate parrot ! go bucs and here is hoping you can come from behind in 2016
i have lived in pittsburgh for 20 year and just discovered st. anthony is chapel . a friend of mine wa visiting from nyc and , though not at all religious , he is an antique and history freak . he discovered sac and urged u to take him there.this is home to the largest collection of relic open to the public in the world and to a life-sized version of statuary of the station of the cross . the experience is breathtaking . the tour guide -- free tour sat through thu at 1 , 2 , and 3pm -- are extremely knowledgeable and open to any and all questions.we were just blown away by the rich history and beauty of the place plunked down in the middle of a rather ordinary corner of the north side.if you have guest in town looking for something out of the ordinary or if you have never been , it is well worth the schlep .
my wife and i have visited st. anthony is chapel three time so far and every time the experience is a moving one . i would recommend the guided tour . the amount of relic contained in the chapel is amazing . if you a person of faith this is a wonderful place .
i wa raised catholic ( but no longer practice ) , and have always been fascinated by relic and the story of saint -- so i wa really looking forward to our tour of st anthony is . beware : i can not speak for their other guide , but the gentleman ( a lay person , not a priest ) who `` led '' ours wa far more interested in haranguing the crowd on the nature of true believer , the infallibility of the catholic faith , and whether we will all found our `` charisms '' - the gift we needed to be using if we were going to be saint , too -- than showing u any relic . after an hour of his sermon -- and nary a single fact about the hundred of relic that surrounded u -- we left . what a disappointment . what a huckster .
this place is unbelievable . i wa never really into religious relic but the history involved in these relic is really intimidating . go on a tour with someone knowledgable and you will not feel the same way about your catholic faith again . relic from the apostle and 5000 others saint along with sliver from the cross . priest that collected these had to be spiritually inspired . awesome story and a hidden treasure ! !
this is a really interesting place to visit in pittsburgh . whether you are into the historical or the religious aspect of it , this is definitely a place to see . the chapel is open from 1-4 pm saturday through thursday . there is a parking lot across from the church that you can use . while the outside of the chapel is beautiful , it is nothing compared to the inside . you will be wowed a soon a you enter the church . the inside is spectacularly designed and the chapel house the largest collection of christian relic outside of the vatican . there is even a skull ! on the last saturday of every month , a group prays the rosary here and ha mass at 12 . it wa a very cool experience . tour and candle are available for a suggested donation of $ 3 . along the wall there were some book that listed every single relic that the chapel ha . across the street , there is a chapel store . the store sell a variety of thing from book to holy water canister . we were actually able to meet one of the author of the book at the store and had a very interesting talk . i would highly suggest visiting saint anthony is chapel
for normal maintenance , inspection and other auto related service , check these guy out . i could not be happier with my experience . labor rate wa quoted at $ 65 per hour , which is approx half what it would be at a dealer or some corporate garage .
good , old fashioned honesty and service . i would recommend lester is shop without reservation . very reasonably priced .
so , this is what happened.i went their complaining about a possible over heating and requesting a change of oil . this wa my first visit there . they topped off my coolant for free and changed my oil . i had a check engine light on for which i knew the code and wa holding off on repairing it . they charged me $ 20 for reading the check engine light code and turning it off . i did not want that . i pointed this out on the bill and he said that , it fine , i can just pay for the oil change ( ~ $ 42 ) . he asked me if i had $ 42 cash on me . if i did , i could have paid and left a happy customer . but i did not , so i gave him my card and he went in the back and swiped it for the full price ( $ 42 + $ 20 + tax ) . when i wa signing the transaction receipt , i told him that he swiped for the full price . this apparently pissed him off a lot , he very rudely handed $ 20 from his pocket and asked me to `` get out of there '' - and walked out . i tried to talk to him and explain my reason of asking - it not being the matter of $ 20 but of the principle that he said he wa not going to charge me for what i did not want . but he would not listen , wa very rude and said `` you are done '' and `` get out '' more time . i left . i ai not going back where they treat customer like that .
i am not a car girl and lester could not have been more accommodating . i needed an inspection and he wa able to take me the same day i called . he is open past 7pm so the evening hour make it convenient to pick up or drop off . very honest and upfront about the work he did , too ... typical pittsburgher who know his stuff . labor wa $ 70/hour and part were cheaper than other place . cost me $ 3 to have a break light replaced . could not have been happier with the quick , honest , convenient service . lester is the best !
good people , good work , very reasonable price . they let you bring your own part and do not give you b .
i called in for a last minute state and emission inspection and they took me in . all together it came to around $ 99 and they did not try to sell me on anything crazy .
the crew here is amazing ! they squished me in for a late inspection and had my car back to me that night . very honest and trustworthy ! extreme well priced ! you will not be disappointed ! ! !
i have been taking my car here for a few year , thanks to a recommendation from someone who grew up in the neighborhood . a far a i can tell , they are found by word of mouth and treat customer well . i have always found the guy here to be kind and helpful . i honestly do not think they do unnecessary thing in order to charge you more money . i have never felt like i have been ripped off , which wa my experience with every other place i have been in the past . there are a few thing they can not do because they do not have the proper tool or equipment or something . when that happens , i just ask where they would recommend and the place they have sent me on a few occasion were also great . if lester ever retires/closes the garage ( finger crossed that it is no time soon ! ) , i will know a few other local place that i know i can trust because they were recommended by lester is .
although i have never had any of their other menu item except their gyro , i wish i would have gone elsewhere . since i can only comment on their gyro ; here go ... first , the meat is embroiled with fatty particle ( it is fake meat or something ) , second ; they do not include enough dressing , third ; there are way , way too many onion , forth ; there were only two very small slice of tomatoe , fifth ; the feta cheese is not crumbled but in a patty , sixth ; they just pile the stuff on top of a pita , - to be quite honest , it just taste bad .
nick is used to be good with the previous owner , that all changed . which is pretty sad .
nick is ha legit new york style pizza . it is dirt cheap too !
stopped here after a wedding and it wa delicious ! my mom had the blt hoagie , she said it wa the best blt she is ever had . the bacon wa crispy and not greasy , perfect amount of tomato , lettuce , and mayo . i had the gyro . the meat wa perfect and it wa a very large portion . my sister had the fried zucchini and popcorn shrimp and fry . everything wa perfectly cooked and delicious . plus reasonably priced . we will def go there again .
best gyro you will ever have in your life . they really give you a ton of meat . you basically get two gyro for the price of one that is how big it is . it taste simply amazing . the fry are average , but the gyro is to die for . pizza is decent here too .
the gyro wedgie is my go-to menu item , and it is awesome , but i have also had their pizza , and for the price , it is just alright . i would have rated them higher , but sometimes they just do not answer the phone during their posted business hour . this led me to try other pizza place in the neighborhood , and i saw what i a missing . if you want a gyro wedgie , do not go anywhere else , but if it just pizza your looking for , i highly recommend going elsewhere ( doughboy , dipietro is , or cerasoli is ... just to name a few ) .
small gyro shop with big portion ! order are ready pretty fast and the price are good too .
nick is is standard pizza . nothing special but an enjoyable eat . we ordered a pepperoni and sausage pizza for take out . decent amount of topping but not overflowing . we also got wing . they were ok but nothing special.i will come back but not go out of my way to come here .
i have stopped here over the year and it is always a positive experience . good gyro and i think it is one of the best place to come and get full ! ! . friendly local area that is a landmark .
you will never know it from the look of the place , but some of the best gyro i have ever had .
their gyro are unbelievable . pizza is the best i have had around here , but it is not the best i have ever had . i am all about supporting local business though and this place is exactly that ! : )
don is diner is a very well kept secret . i first heard about it from a very friendly waitress at one of my favorite spot and then again from a personal friend - both highly recommended don is diner for breakfast . in trying to get more info online , it is slim picking . thank goodness i found a review from munch at the post-gazette so i could be prepared to order the good stuff : http : //www.post-gazette.com/stories/life/munch/munch-goes-to-dons-diner-on-the-north-side-139980/first , if you have no idea where this place is , it is , quite literally , under a bridge . if your gps seems to be taking you on a wild goose chase , you are getting closer . there is a convenient parking lot just next to the building . it look small from the outside and inside it is even smaller . just a few booth and some seat at the counter . i wa glad i had asked my friend before i got there if it wa cash only because a sign above the register tell you that a you walk in . i took a seat at one of the cozy booth , just next to some of pittsburgh is finest and waited for my friend . i browsed the menu for my option but had my mind made up once i saw the pancake special : two pancake , two egg , bacon and potato . thanks to munch is review , i knew to upgrade my bacon to the thick cut . i also added some texas toast for my dippy egg . the fluffy pancake arrived first . i apologized to my friend for not waiting until their food arrived to dig in , but they forgave me when i offered to share these deliciously light cloud that needed just a few drop of syrup . the bacon upgrade wa also a key component to making this a great breakfast . my two egg were gigantic . the yolk were the largest i have ever seen and made for some great dipping . my friend wondered why the home fry were so good and i had to tell her it wa because i saw don preparing them at the grill and brushing butter on top . it gave them a beautiful golden hue and the most divinely tasty crunch . even with my extra , upgrade and coffee my bill wa still under $ 10 . i want to highly recommend don is diner to anyone i meet - but then i do not . i think many local regular want to keep don is to themselves and i understand ; i now want to keep this secret all to myself . so i guess i should say i do not mind recommending it ... a long a you do not tell anyone else .
you will feel like you have been lost for hour getting to don is diner . under this bridge ? yes . around this bend ? you got it . through this creepy industrial park ? let the smell of fried bacon be your guide.don is is tucked underneath a bridge and look unassuming . the cuisine : also unassuming , yet delicious . upon seeing breakfast sandwich listed for $ 2.25 my friend chuckled and said , `` i will take 7 . '' most expensive sandwich on the menu wa $ 7.we took our seat and ordered a wet judy and a typical egg breakfast . both were delicious and i had a craving for a wet judy for day . so much messy egg goodness on a sandwich . upgrade to the thick cut bacon if you get it . which you should . it is a new favorite.waitress came over and said she did not recognize u and asked if it wa our first time . you betcha . she showed u laminated picture of a film that wa shot at the booth to our left and explained how long her father had owned the place . place is cash only , but nothing le should be expected from don . thank you for a delicious , classic , pittsburgh brunch . can not wait to be back !
great little dirty diner ! got the pancake & egg deal & upgraded to the thick cut bacon with thick italian toast . excellent ! family owned & operated . close @ 1:00 so get lunch in early ! def try this place !
passing thru pittsburgh from detroit to va and stopped at this tiny out of the way diner via gps with no advance . amazing ! little neighborhood diner with excellent food ! fresh and lovingly prepared . do not do fast food drive thru on vacation . find these incredible spot and make a memory . did also get a hoagie for carry out they looked that good ! !
what can i say , you walk in the place you belong , this is not one of your up town houtie totdy place this is a real diner , the food is outstanding , had a wet judy could not get enough so stuffed a thick cut bacon egg and cheese on top of that would have stayed and ate more but i have to work , just saying i have been to a lot of diner , restaurant and overall slop chute in my 30 plus year a a cross country trucker , but this place is one of the best i have been to
this place is really great , and we have been bringing our dog here for a few year now . the price are very reasonable , the people are very good , and they are extremely caring to our dog , who is pretty afraid of the whole grooming process . they usually give her a cute little bandana to wear home , and she always smell wonderful ! you must call ahead , and they usually are booked in advance , so you might have to wait a week or two to get an appointment . while they are normally too busy to answer the phone , they always get back to you . my husband and i really like all the people here , and we are so glad that we do not have to take her to a chain !
this place is fantastic ! very reasonably priced , they do a wonderful job with my german shepherd . nail , ear , bath , and grooming- she look like a new woman when they are done with her !
i have swtiched from taking my pup to the dog stop to this place . way better service and the lady that work there are so friendly ! ! i also love that you can see your pup when you come in because the kennel are in front ... for me it nice to know they arent sitting in a kennel in the back under a dryer or being mis-treated . i have a pug and a toy shih tzu , my previous groomer insisted on cutting my little shih like she wa a poodle leaving a lot of hair on top . i wa so please when i picked them up after their first appointment and her cut wa the perfect length all over and no extra hair on top ! ! i wa expecting to pay extra for my pug because he doesnt like his foot to be fussed with and he only ever go to the groomers for a bath and a nail clip but the lady assured me that their dog sling make it easy and fuss free while protecting my pup.i cant wait to take them back : )
to quote another blog `` i ate a lot of red meat this week . '' i have to blame ( in a good way ) tom friday is for the switch in my diet . the meat offered at this small neighborhood market are fresh and quality . the price is affordable . . .for example this week my fiance and i dined on an amazing seasoned brisket for le then $ 5.00 each . the seasoning wa perfect , the cooking instruction they provided when i asked worked without a single hitch , and the beef wa tender and juicy even when well-done ( which is how i like my meat cooked ) .they advertise their fresh italian sausage ( hot and sweet ) - which is stocked new each friday . also worth while is their ground beef ( we easily go through a couple of lb of ground beef a week between the two of u ) . a slab of rib will cook up tasty and tender on the grill , without needing to boil or marinade for hour . i have yet to try many of their other offering - but i am sure i will at some point ! also check out the hot dog and hamburger bun - they are fresh and delicious ! ! the service is also friendly and helpful . if i could adjust anything it would be the hour - they close at 5:00 each day and are not open on sunday . thus , you have to make that effort to get their on saturday if you are not right near by in the neighborhood !
i can not believe this place only ha one review . but i can believe that the one review is a 5 star rating . i also believe that tom friday is defines the term `` meat shop . '' i have never been disappointed . excellent meat , good quality at reasonable price and great customer service . i have had several of their offering including the pre-made hoagy ( yummy ) and homemade kielbasa ( perfectly seasoned ) . their ground meat make the most delectible burger . the huge cut of steak i have had were always the freshest . and i am always a fan of the popular butter steak . basically my review is this : if you like good meat , support your local meat shop and stop by tom friday is market . you will be glad you treated yourself .
this is a gem in pittsburgh . the owner , tom , and the worker will remember your name . it just like being in a small town . fresh meat and friendly people . the meat is the best i have found in the city and is affordable too . the best steak i have ever eaten have been purchased from there and cooked in my own kitchen ! they are also very knowledgeable . they can answer any question you have about what cut of meat to choose or how to cook something . they are also more than happy to share tried and true recipe , which have always worked out for me .
what can i say that everyone in the area doe not already know ? ? i have been going there over 30 year ... the staff are always friendly..their deli meat and cheese are good quality and well below chain store price ... and the special are always a fabulous value ! i have never been in the store when it not busy busy busy ... that just show how much people love this store !
our go to butcher shop . high quality , fresh meat at fair price . friendly service . convenient for u , but worth the drive for others . support your local meat shop !
saved the day ! we had custom ordered a ham from another place and they totally ignored the order . we had to return the sad excuse for a ham and began the search . found this place and saw the 5 star . made a call and wa transferred to the meat section . bernie took 3 second to tell me she had what i wanted and to come on in.when i got there i saw why it had 5 star . their meat section wa amazing ! if i lived here i would take them up on their freezer meat offer . what a deal ! a i wa checking out there wa a final thing that made me know we had come to the right place . the local fire crew wa coming in to grab their meat . nuff said.eat well !
this small little butcher market is perfect for grabbing something quick for dinner . great selection of next and cold cut . everyone there is extremely nice too . very personal ! the only downside is done thing are a little overpriced but i will pay it when in a bind .
awesome meat , great people and fair price ! what more could you a for ? they quality of the meat sold are unparalleled ! it is wonderful to still be able to have the meat cut to your specification for whatever meal you are about to prepare . the quality really doe not reflect the price . i have paid a whole lot more for inferior meat . please support this business , it is one of last place you can still build a relationship with the purveyor ! typically if they do not have it , they will get it for you ! once i needed 10 lb of pork belly for a recipe , i called early enough and the next day they had it there for me . i do not buy meat from any other establishment for fear of being disappointed ! friday is the butcher shop still left ! please support so they do not go away , it would be a loss to u all !
i think this is the best butcher shop in pittsburgh . it ha been around since i wa born . the owner is always behind the counter cutting meat to your liking . they have already made meatloaf that you just have to throw in the oven that are amazing . small selection of fruit and vegetable . it also ha a small selection of other food . if you take giant eagle and scale it down to 2 aisle of food . although you go here for the meat . great price , great people . i just recently saw local on the southside us his meat blend for their burger . if you want something quick for dinner , or want to fill up your freezer with their special , this is the place to go . it is super convenient if you are on the northside of pittsburgh ... if not , it is still worth the drive .
great pizza ! i highly recommend their carry-out pizza special for $ 7 , and their fresh-cut fry .
i have come to the belief that one thing pittsburgh ha a lot of is pizza joint . some better than others . with that said there is a jewel in the crown of pittsburgh is northside called 'wise guy pizza ' . their menu ha a lot of great gangster name and saying , and add a bit of mystic to ordering for first timer . special like 'the don ' , the godfather , 'the luca brazzi ' fish and the kingpin . additionally there are phrase like ; side action , and a hoagie you can not refuse . while the menu is good , it is not the star of the show . my experience with wiseguys is that their food is a great meal for a great price . their salad a # 1 , their wing not too greasy , fatty , or dry . to quote my friend goldilocks , these wing are just right . now earlier in this review i spoke of star . the star of friday night show wa the cheese steak hoagie . brimming w/meat fresh i say again fresh vegetable , and ( a pgh thing ) fry . me , and my two growing carnivore left our dinner table quite sated . have i eaten there before yes will i eat there again oh heck yes . they are a good bang for your buck with several special everyday . i end my review with this statement and my review of wiseguys pizza will be no different . i vote with my money and foot , and rest assured that both will be making many more trip to this eatery . if you have not tried it . try it . it almost make it worth your time to move into their delivery area ! ! !
they make the best pizza i can buy . we get one a week ( during football , basketball , hockey , and the olympics , and during special holiday . what i am saying is , we order a lot of pizza . before we found wiseguys , it wa a gamble . sometimes the pizza we would buy from many different parlor wa ok , and other time it wa terrible . but since we started buying wiseguys pizza , we have been very happy with the pie we get . sometimes dar pick em up , and sometimes they deliver , and we are not easy to find . we live in the wood . but either way the pizza is always great . we love their crust , and it all taste good the next day or 2 . they are very polite on the phone and in person . we tell our friend and family all the time how much we love wiseguys pizza . we have had them over to taste it too and they agree they are good at pizza . most important they are not over priced . i will rather tip well than to pay over priced pizza . wiseguys keep up the good job . we appreciate it .
wa so excited to get your pizza today . it is been a few month since last order . very disappointed in the quality of what i got . pizza is burnt on 1side not done on other . how sad is this so not happy . what happened here ! ! ! used to be the best i have ever had . now have to settle for second best down the street
i have had so much bad luck with this pizza place so i stayed away itryed again and sooo disappointed the french fry were so burnt and tasted like they were cooked in old grease the tomato on the hoagy were not ripe they were green in some spot they need to get their act together i spend alot on pizza and hoagy they wont get my business any more i tryed to give them a chance you blow it wise guy
this is one of my family is favorite ! and who can blame u ... . the pizza is affordable and very tasty ! my family get this pizza every time we are in town ! if you have not tried wiseguys yet , what is holding you back ? give the don a shot .
this place seriously just took my order for delivery , charged my card taking my last $ 15 ( hard time ) only to call me back 30 minute later saying they do not deliver to my street ! ! ! ! so my son and i will not eat tonight because these idiot can not properly train their staff by having a list of 'do not deliver to ' street ! ! ! thanks wise guy ! ! ! i am literally in tear wondering how i am going to feed my kid tonight ...
honestly , my mother love this place whereas i on the other hand am not much a fan . for me personally a pizza ha to have a good sauce with flavor and spice . the crust ha to have some volume . the cheese ha to be melted and not like a thin sheet laid atop the pie . i enjoy eating pizza from here when it is my mother option to order ... .but for me , i need a thicker pizza with more flavor embedded into the sauce . be sure to try it out for your self though and enjoy !
wise guy is your typical off beat pizza shop . there are no frill , there are no item i would particularly recommend . however , if you will like cheap pizza and the typical side that come along with that then this is your spot . no room to sit and eat so pick it up and get out of there . i am not saying it is bad by any mean , it just is not anything special .
there pizza never taste the same also if you order a salad always ask for dressing because they will not offer any . there are other better pizza place in the area .
the best fish sandwich in pittsburgh ! i found out about miller is when a co worker suggested them for fish sandwich during lent season . they are huge and freakin amazing !
huge menu ... . great rainbow trout ... others i wa with were very pleased with your meal ... but pasta dish soso ... mom and pop place try it you will like it
`` grossest hostess '' okay , so you know when you go into place and it is close to closing time ? you are not sure whether the staff will be cordial and inviting or straight up rude . well my wife and i went into miller at 9:15 pm for dinner . the hostess wa incredibly rude directly off of the bat . she said `` ughhhh you know it is close to closing time , right '' ? my wife said , `` what time do you close '' ? the older , short blond curly haired hostess with glass said `` we close at ten '' . ten ? ? ? ten ? ? ? ? they were not closing for 45 minute ! ! ! ! this wa the second time she did this to u and it will be the last because they have lost our business for good . we even heard a phone ring at quarter to ten and she did not even answer the phone , she just picked it up and snarled `` closed '' and hung up on the person ! our server however , wa spot on and the food wa decent but the hostess or manager or whatever she wa left the worst taste in our moth and spoiled miller seafood forever . if you go to miller is seafood and you see her at the front , turn and run !
i have eaten here twice . both time i thought the food wa sub-par . the first time wa a birthday lunch that wa lousy , but i wa feeling under the weather , so i gave it another try about a year later for dinner . it wa just a lousy a the lunch . my wife definitely agreed , and although we can walk there in 15 minute , we will never eat there again .
okay so i tried this place twice before writing a review to give them a fair shot . unfortunately , the second visit wa not any better.i will start with the good . service is pretty good.the place smell of smoke . why ? because you can smoke in the bar and there is an opening from the bar into the restaurant . this ha to be a violation of the no smoking in dining area in pittsburgh . gross . the floor ( carpeted ) is so old that it is sticky and worn down . walking on it with shoe on disgusted me . the wall have wall paper torn off throughout the place . please , remodel ! at least make me feel like the place is clean . if i feel like it is dirty in the dining hall , i can not imagine it is clean in the kitchen.now for the food . i am pretty picky about seafood . it need to be fresh and cooked correctly . do not get the salmon or tuna steak . tuna and salmon should be easy to get right if you just season and cook it properly . both tasted very fishy to me . salmon that taste overly fishy , to me , scream `` this fish is not fresh '' . mashed potato are not made from real potato . do not get them unless you are looking to eat boxed potato . i get it , you wan na have a mom and pop shop . but to do that you need to have great food.overall , i just do not think this place is good , and do not want to go back .
after seeing a google offer for miller is , my mom mentioned how she had been there before and remembered good food and fond memory from her childhood . so i offered to go with her and see if the food wa still a good . once we were seated and greeted by our waitress , we presented the paperwork for our google offer . the waitress handed it to the hostess . i guess they have to call for u to redeem it/verify that it is legit . well apparently one of the number wa missing off the print-out and the hostess could not have been more rude about it . in the end she talked to someone and figured it out , but she made it seem like we did something wrong . or , she could have told u there wa a problem but then politely taken care of it since it is her job and there wa not much else going on for her to do . or she could have talked to someone in the first place and quietly resolved the matter without u even knowing there wa a problem to begin with . i later noticed sign up all over the place about restriction with restaurant.com offer - i guess they have several patron who use those regularly . apparently with this kind of reception , no one want to pay full price.mom and i both ordered the fish sandwich with mac n cheese . the mac n cheese wa creamy and the fish sandwich wa a large portion and very tasty . i ended up having to eat mine with a knife and fork , not even attempting to lift and eat it a a sandwich . we left with full and happy tummies.to comment on previous review ... .yes , this is not the cleanest place . but i expected that and find it part of the charm . the smoke from the bar is no longer an issue a a closed door separate the bar area from the dining room.overall , it wa a larger than average portion for a good fish sandwich . i will like to give it 3 star at least , but the whole attitude from the hostess still left a bad taste in my mouth that the mac n cheese could not wash away .
i have been there twice , and they have yet to impress me . the decor is old and dingy at best , the seat are gross , and the carpet look to be 30 year old and identified to my grandma is . my biggest issue wa the food . i just assumed that a sea food restaurant would serve fresh fish , but i wa sadly mistaken . every meal i , or friend , have had here wa poorly prepared , greasy , and clearly had been frozen for an extended period of time.the only plus side of the place wa that it wa dirt cheap , but be prepared to get what you pay for .
i do not really mind dive place because there are time that they have really good food . the place is dated and could use updating.the waitress wa good . i think she knew we were not all that pleased with our food even though we told her it wa good.the food ... .my daughter-in-law had the shrimp scampi . we are pro at making our own at home , but when it wa served , i told her that there are variation to it . her first bite she made a sour face . my son and i then tasted it ... understood the face after that . way too much lemon juice in it , soaked in oil and not quite sure what the seasoning wa , but seemed like pesto . the pasta wa overcooked and the shrimp just sort of were there . my son and i had the fried seafood platter . aside from overcooked breading and soaked in grease , the oyster were raw , and the battered fish had no flavor . the breaded shrimp tasted weird too . needle to say , none of u finished our food . underneath the food , the plate had a puddle of grease . on the upside , the coleslaw , bread , and crab cake wa good . the make and cheese wa edible , but seemed to comparable to stauffer's.this wa our first , and more than likely , our last , visit . for a $ 65 dollar meal , it wa not worth $ 10 . .
i have been going to miller is since i wa just a little tyke . unfortunately , over the year , this joint ha gone downhill . i think i really began to notice it when they put a big tv in the dining area . now you can imagine that you are home in front of your own tv while you dine . holy hell . it is a mess . the food is not nearly a good a it once wa . the pierogi special is good if it is on the menu - they are pierogi plus pierogies . the bread is bread work is bread , so that is good . my favorite thing on the menu used to be the devonshire , but only the brave try it these day . in the grand scheme of life , this place is a fine local blue collar restaurant , but compared to the day of old the food is just blah.ps . the lady who wait here are always and have always been the nicest of folk .
i worked at miller back in the ninety . the fish wa fresh every day from wholeys , the bread wa fresh everyday from mancini is , and the perogies were made by little old babushka woman at st. george is down the street . it wa a great place to eat . people cared about the food and it showed . i can only attribute it is decline to a change in ownership . i stopped in to satisfy a craving for fish and wa very disappointed by the grease pile i got instead . i used to be proud to cook there . now i would not put it on a resume for fear that people have experienced it lately .
fabulous food and spectacular service by cheryl . we ordered oyster for an appetizer and broiled seafood dinner . absolutely delicious and the lobster tail wa huge . the salad dressing were amazing and i am assuming homemade . the double chocolate cheesecake wa mouth watering . highly recommended !
i remember going here when i wa a little kid to celebrate my grandparent ' 50th wedding anniversary . i thought this place wa `` fancy '' of so many year ago and i remember going out back to play in the nearby park and i also thought that wa really cool . when i moved to pittsburgh , i moved to brighton height where miller is is located but i only went once a few year ago and it wa just ok . i decided to give it another shot the other night and i really regret it . i ordered the fried fish sandwich and even though it wa crisp on the outside to the point of being somewhat burnt yet the inside wa cold and the fish just had a weird texture like maybe it wa freezer burnt or really old . the place is dingy and poorly lite , it look dirty and the overall experience wa just downright unpleasant . no , just no . that is all .
i wa tired of all my usual delivery haunt ( can they be haunt if you are never physically there ? ) so i tried chubby is . unfortunately named , but they have got seriously low price , and i wa feeling broke , so why not ? i got two whole hoagy for $ 9.50 , plus a $ 1 fuel surcharge -- not bad.oh , the food ? it is pretty good . better , to me , than bomonti or r & b ( which lately ha had a weird bitter flavor in their food ... hmm ) ; not a good a mandy is . still : cheap ! also , they delivered pretty quickly . i will definitely keep them in my rotation .
not a bad choice for a neighborhood pizza place . we live about 1 1/2 mile from here and they will not deliver up brighton road , which is kind of an annoyance . the pizza is decent , and i like their sauce . the garlic bread and breadstick are not too shabby . the price are certainly reasonable . admittedly , i have never tried the sub . and most night when you call they put you on hold right away because there is only one person answering the phone , and that person seems to be busy cooking a well . but the pizza is leap and bound better than mandy is , which is downright terrible . not a bad little local pizza spot overall .
been ordering chubbys for over ten year . solid pizza at a great price . one time , steve offered to deliver a pizza over an hour after they closed on xmas eve just because . doesnt get any better than that .
them bum dont pay there federal state or local wage tax . it is a shame that a driver wa murdered and another shot doing a ghetto delivery . fried mushroom and shrimp basket great . pizza not so great .
ordered a lg pizza for pick up , 30-40 min wait . went to pick up my pizza and i arrived to have no pizza at all . they told a driver must have taken by accident . the skinny , is it took an hour for a new pizza , and they offered me nothing
terrible . i lived about 2 block away - and with no other option - i still can not bring myself to order from here . ordered twice in the last 90 day and both time it wa terrible . ended up waiting over an hour each time . first time i got home to find a totally different order ; the send time waited over 1.5 hr for a pizza . both were crappy , at best . staff wa really rude both time .
we just moved in a couple block away and thought we will try them out . their price are great but , seriously , worst customer service i have ever seen . i walked in and the guy had to finish his cell phone game before helping me . i get home and realize we were given the wrong pizza . when i called to see if they had our correct one the guy tell me that is what we ordered . i assured him we did not , i wa there when my girlfriend called the order in . he just said `` sorry man '' and did not offer any solution . so we just picked off the garbage topping that we did not order and threw most of it away . it would have taken very little effort to fix it for u . all this after it took them an hour to make the thing . i will go back if i were desperate but it is seriously amateur hour .
too much cheese on their pizza , and the customer service is incredibly poor . this is nothing new , we have been in brighton height for many year . my husband love their buffalo chicken pizza , but after his last experience waiting over an hour for pick up , we would only order from chubby is if every other local pizza joint wa closed .
i really loved the food and some of the employee . but wow did that manager make a mistake speaking to me the way he did over a 1.5 hour delivered pizza ( i live 7 block ) with unmelted cheese and wing with no sauce. `` heat up your pizza and i will bring some sauce down in an hour `` not the response a customer ever want to hear . it is a shame . all it would have take n wa a new pizza and wing . $ 20 a week plus gone from them .
the food they have is very good . it is like a warm welcome when you come in the door . the customer service is a plus . it is a place to try .
although the wing are not up to par ... .the pizza is by far my favorite . i have been around the world and i love pizza ... but nothing compare to chubby is for me .
had luck with chubbies first time , fairly quick delivery , better-than-average pizza , slightly overpriced for the quality . , the second time i ordered from chubby s i wanted to take a few pizza to work with me for a night shift . i called with an hour of advance notice . when i got there they had only made one of the two pizza that i ordered so they threw together the second one gave it to me undercooked and through a handful of cheese on top of the first one that they made that wa over an hour old and ran it through the oven so there wa new melted cheese over top of a burnt pizza . when i call to complain i wa put on hold then promptly hung up on . i would recommend chubbies if your regular pizza place in brighton height is too busy or ha a long wait , but from my experience it is a 50-50 shot whether you are going to get a decent pizza or not .
i wa at a friend house and we decided to order a pizza . the woman who answered my friend call wa very rude ( i know this because i wa on speaker ) . she claimed they did not deliver to his address which wa 1 mile away . i live over 2 mile from the store and never had an issue with delivery . the woman eventually hung up on my friend . he called back and she got defensive . she hung up on him once again . remember , the call wa on speaker so i overheard both side . my friend wa not rude , not disrespectful , just looking to order food . i will never order from this place again . customer service is what owning a business is all about . this woman should be fired . you lost many customer because i have shared my experience with several others who have ordered from this establishment .
we ordered delivery and we live around the corner . it came cold and the sauce tasted a year old from a plastic rubbermaid container . the meatball sub wa bitter and gamey . never again . ever .
great little local bakery with outstanding donut . great cooky , danish , etc . nice little older lady working behind the counter . only complaint is it close early and first thing in the morning this place is packed with yinzers . every time i bring these donut for my coworkers , i look like a hero .
schorr is a very good bakery that make excellent cake and donut . the staff is friendly and the price are reasonable . i do wish they would be open after 4 pm ( hour are mon - sat , 7am - 4pm ) . this bakery ha been there a long time and it is a pittsburgh tradition .
review # 200i got hooked on this bakery while living in brighton height . now , when i drive past , i have to stop . i think this one is so much better than the sister store in west view . i do not know why ; i just like it better.the sweetest lady run this local bakery , and they always serve with a smile . it is usually pretty fast too ! and they are cheap . doughnut and giant muffin for $ .65 . cooky of all shape and size are delicious and cheap a well . it make me so happy . some favorite : all of the doughnut : raised or cake , cream or jelly , chocolate or vanilla , they are all so good . i wish i could stop and say no . but i just can not . the selection here doe not go too fast . i can usually still get one around lunch time , but if you want option , go early.lemon poppyseed muffin : they run out quick , but they are so yummy ! it usually triumph over the doughnuts.thumbprint cooky : maybe i just love the cookie , but i really like them here too ! is the cliental a little special sometimes ? you bet . are the hour old fashioned early to open and early to close ? yup . but i just view it a absence make the heart grow fonder ... . : )
the best bakery ever ! ! ! cake is the best ever , no other bakery a good ! not bethel bakery ... oakmont bakery ... .my favorite
twas the night before thanksgiving ... .not a ton of option left at 11:30am- we got a small assortment 3 filled cooky and 1/2 a dozen thumbprint and another random pastry ... .we walked up to the register & were told $ 3.65 . whaaaa , i am thinking to myself , is this right , it can not be because it is so ridiculously cheap ! ! ! but it was- in my book 10 item for le than 4 item is a steal . then i began to worry- usually cheap mean not good quality or just not good . we just got home & i could not resist the cookies- i thought i will just have 1/2 of the cherry filled cookie ... but it wa so good- tart jelly filling & nice buttery brown sugar cookie- just trust so yum- i had to eat the other half !
i love that this bakery is old school.. nothing fancy just the real deal folk . the donut are just the best - great selection ! ! they have muffin too . the cake is pretty good- moist fresh . there is usually parking on the street but if not - there is a parking lot across the street . crossing the street can be a challenge because of how the road curve on the one side of perrysville avenue . two dozen delicious donut and 3 muffin $ 21.00 - not bad ! ~ ! ! thank you schorr bakery.. i will be back !
very unprofessional . hard to contact . walked off the job and all the work completed wa not done properly . the crew wa also very unprofessional . i do not even think that they were licensed . i think that the crew wa just some amatuer laborer that hancock hired to do the job . also , alcohol in the air here too . i wa shocked to see what is happening to the work they completed . they will not return to fix the problem or return the money that wa paid for it .
reliable , reasonably priced and good workmanship . john ha been working on the north side community for a long time and his reputation rest on his satisfied customer . really excellent with restoration work on older home .
awful workmanship . nothing in accordance with spec . took my money . i wa not the only one . check bbb . very disappointed .
original post written september 2015 - i do not recommend this company . poor quality work . they put in my new floor prior to painting , then splattered paint all over them , installed the new pipe for my clawfoot tub so close to the wall that i could not fit a baseboard behind it , worker smoked inside while doing the work , and never cleaned up after themselves . i walked in once while my bedroom wa being painted and they had not washed the wall and were just rolling the paint over dirt and cobweb . these are just a handful of example of the issue i have had . at the time of this posting we have now gone almost a month past the contract end date , and it is dragging on . talk to other contractor in the area and they will let you know this company is reputation . i wish i had . one positive : they stayed within my budget , but at what cost to my sanity and quality of work ? i would never use them again . ***update : june 2016 - they still have not installed the final window they were supposed to . it is a custom window they had to order and according to the window company is still sitting at their warehouse . every few week i try to call or text john to ask when they will be putting it in , but never hear back .
i used all the best catering for a business luncheon and had a great experience ! cheryl wa very friendly and patient with my various question and accomodated all of my request . i am definitely bookmarking all the best catering for all my catering need in pittsburgh .
people and company make mistake . the owner personally took responsibility for the mistake and fixed the problem . this show they care about their customer and value the business ! !
i wa recently married at a venue that listed them a one of their four caterer to choose from . my partner and i did a tasting of their food , thinking we will try to meet with at least two to three of the vendor , but after tasting the food ( and getting zero response from the other caterer we will outreached to ) we decided to go with all the best and we were both so glad we did . they were the most reasonably priced of all the listed caterer and i have to say , going with all the best , we really felt we got a lot of bang for our buck.the food wa delicious and plentiful and the service wa truly great - they thought of thing my partner and i never would have . all of our guest raved about the food . even though we got the stereotypical `` wedding food '' it wa good wedding food . i highly recommend them for catered event - plus , a a bonus , they own pittsburgh bbq company , so we were able to get mini pulled pork slider a an appetizer , which everyone loved !
just today i ate a boxed lunch that had been ordered for a working lunch meeting yesterday . i have never heard of or eaten at this place before . wow ! it wa still fresh the day after . nothing wa soggy or spoiled . the boxed lunch wa amazing ! the box included a can of soda pop , pkg of baby carrot , an apple , a side of thai peanut noodle salad , a rather large ham and cheese sandwich , utensil , napkin , cooky , a hershey kiss , a blow pop , a jolly rancher , a bag of cheetos , condiment , napkin , and a wet nap . will definitely order from them again . the box lunch wa presented so nicely a well . all the food wa great !
i cant believe i requested a snail mail menu so my building could decide on a new caterer for our lunch and dinner and received 0 our tenant council is still looking for a new caterer since another disastrous thanksgiving dinner w another caterer . ! i cant believe no menu requested even gave you my phone # & address and 1 month 0 thank you for 0 and i will tell council not to use you since we did not get menu w price or food . this job would of been for every holiday that we have lunch or dinner
i wa somewhat apprehensive due to an article that i had previously read about this vet . luckily i had also found additional information to refute those article . why lucky , you ask ? because this is a great little office nestled off the main drag in dormont . yeah , it is a bit of a drive from pittsburgh proper , but they are also open later to help with the fact that some of u actually work for a living.it is a very small waiting room and you really do not want to have to wait due to the different animal that are continually coming through the door -- that is vet common sense -- so make certain you call ahead to get an appointment . all of the associate were well mannered and fawned over my little sophie . all of the paperwork wa filled out for u and were were quickly taken back to one of the exam room . typical exam room with easily cleaned metal table and linoleum floors.the vet-tech wa very knowledgeable and seemed truly interested in making certain my puppy wa taken care of . a little preachy near the end , i let it slide knowing why she wa saying it -- positive reinforcement for the puppy is the only way to go people , believe it . the doctor came in soon after and did the full exam on sophie . he wa quick and methodical , but at no time did i hear my pup whine . he pointed out thing that he saw and gave sophie her preliminary vaccination . and then all wa done . at no point did he try to up-sell me . at no point did he or his associate try to give me anything that wa not needed . he wa straightforward and plain in his language and he answered all of my question truthfully . how do i know ? i already knew the answer to my question . i am fairly protective of my boston terrier ; and a a small breed they have some health idiosyncracies and nuance that many vet do not know about . he knew the answer . i wa happy . at the end of the visit , they even gave me the record without hesitation . this office is great . i will definitely return when i am in the area .
even though i lived out in bloomfield , i chose to drive out to this vet because i will heard good review about dr. dorn is handling of rat and other small exotic breed . i had two rat and dr. dorn wa excellent with both . he wa the best vet i could have hoped for . with rat , it is sometimes hard to find ( even highly experienced ) vet who understand that a rat ha a personality and bond with it owner to the same degree a a dog -- many people act like pet rat are just large gerbil . dr. dorn understood , and never made me feel silly about being anxious about them . he calmed my pet down and they loved him immediately , even falling asleep during the exam . he never tried to up-sell , and when one rat had an operable tumor ( a $ 200 surgery ) he did not make me feel guilty for choosing euthanasia instead ( he wa a very old rat ) . when the time came , the entire staff wa incredibly patient with me , and let me spend a much time a i needed in the private exam room with my rat . afterwards , they even sent me a condolence card . the vet tech were all professional and cheerful . the small office seemed like a friendly , casual environment . exam for a rat were around $ 60 with medicine and so forth ... i can not remember the specific price , but they seemed reasonable . they were always able to see me on the same day i called . if i had not moved out of town , i would certainly still be making the lengthy drive from bloomfield to get here -- it wa worth it .
nothing is more precious than my little kitty . i realize that made me sound like a total crazy cat lady , but admittedly i am ! so when it come to your kitty health , you want someone to take it seriously ! i have thankfully only had to deal with them twice before . once for the round of kitten vaccine and neutering . i believe for the two kitten it wa around $ 175 . the other issue i had wa that my one cat had pretty gross eye junk ( obviously technical term i avoid ) . the vet who saw me wa incredibly friendly and very gentle with my little furry friend . they were able to fill my prescription of eye drop right away so i would not have to worry about it coming in . about $ 50 later i wa on my way.furry and non furry friend should feel comfortable coming here !
my dog mean the world to me and i could not imagine anyone better to handle her care than dr. dorn . i grew up raising puppy a a family hobby and became very attached to quality care from a vet in my hometown . my standard for a vet are high and i wa more than pleasantly surprised by wlah . my first experience with dr. dorn wa no more than 2 week after my adoption of my dog . i wa pretty certain that she had uti and it wa confirmed . he wa such a nice doctor and all of his staff wa understandable and sweet . it also felt like a family environment and the office building is adorable . i did not feel like i wa taking my dog to some overly commercial medvet ( the worst place you can go ) or chain . the whole appointment , plus medicine , plus taking out her stitch ( for free ) wa $ 45 . i wa in shock ! it wa very reasonable.no matter where you live in the city , i highly recommend dr. dorn !
i wa very apprehensive about changing vet after 10+ year and only did so due to relocation from out of state . i have to say dr dorn and his staff provide wonderful and affordable care . i would highly recommend to anyone looking for pet care !
let is be honest : taking our pet to the vet for anything other than a routine check-up can be nerve-wracking . going to the right vet is office can really help with that anxiety , and for my family and i this animal hospital is the perfect place to take our beloved pets.my family ha taken our pet to this practice a far back a i can remember . while the team here ha not cared for our house is entire little zoo over the year ( which ha seen everything from crab to frog to guinea pig and more ) , they have helped u take care of our old rabbit and two cat . and i have to say the staff have never disappointed . most recently they have often accommodated my family at the last minute when our cat took a sudden downhill turn , and when we come in they handle our pet wonderfully and kindly . one staff member once even asked for my permission before they brought in their intern and trainee to see my cat , who ha a rare scar formation in her eye ; given the stress that can surround a vet visit it meant a lot to me that this person checked with me before she used my cat a a teaching vehicle , rather than simply dragging their entire staff in to stare at my poor kitty.i know that some of their service can be a little pricier ( surgery in particular can seem a bit high if you have ever gotten estimate from shelter for the same procedure ) , but given their status a a local independent group i understand why this is the case . and on another important note , i strongly advise fellow pet owner to bring their animal either in crate or with proper leash , restraint , etc . a needed , a this office doe have a small wait room and that mean it is super important for all owner to both have control over and to protect the animal they bring to this office . that said , i have never had a problem with my two kitty , my old rabbit , or any other owner ' animal to date.i absolutely recommend this vet is office to other pet owner . it location is excellent for people like me ( even if it parking lot is a little small ) , and it fantastic staff have never disappointed and have always done what is right for my beloved pet . i admittedly hope that i do not need to be back any time soon , but it is good to know that this place is here and can provide the top-top service they do when i and my dear pet need their help .
they are very honest and reasonably priced here . they always treat my dog like she is family . i love how `` mom and pop '' it feel here . one time i wa there for a late appointment on a winter night and one of the employee went and cleaned the snow off of everyone is car . they truly hire caring people there !
i took my dog here today and everyone wa very nice . the vet wa great . also affordable .
just had our first visit and we were very pleased . fair pricing , kind staff , and a patient and knowledgable vet . the office is quaint and unassuming . it is tiny , but everyone wa friendly and well behaved . we will definitely be back !
doctor dorian is so awesome with our bird . he wa also great with my cousin dog ! i would suggest west liberty animal hospital to anyone with a pet that they love dearly ! every one there is so nice and care for your pet a if it wa their own !
best gryos in pittsburgh in a little shop with a lot of pittsburgh flavor ! potomac is street parking with meter , so it can be a little hit or miss sometimes , but mostly it not an issue . they do delivery , always have a game on in the shop and are super friendly . : )
i have some errand that i run in dormont every monday . when i finish the errand i stop at knossos every week to pick up a couple of gyro to go for my girlfriend and i . it seems to be a good , old fashioned , family run business . the food is always good a is the service . it is somethng we look forward to . a a matter of fact , when i headed out the door last monday my sweetie remarked , `` it is knossos day , cool ! ''
i am underwhelmed . being a mike & tonys kind of girl , i wa not really expecting a whole lot . but this meal left me feeling totally `` meh '' . i have personally made better tzatziki sauce before . their gyro meat ha some flavor but it is way too salty for me . i give it a 3 purely for the fact that their staff is helpful and super nice . that always make a difference to me . still it is not going to be enough to make me want to go back . i am sticking with my original choice !
we had food delivered to our house last night from knossos . i tried their pierogi which i found to be quite good . also tasty are their broccoli bite and their huge ice cream sandwich ( homemade ) . very recommended !
ordered the pierogie gyro , and thought that it wa really good . the gyro meat wa cut fresh from the cone , and spiced very well . the perogie wa also really good . i will definitely go back and try some of their other dish , or just to get a really good gyro again .
honestly , it is pretty unassuming from the outside . inside it is a tiny greek diner , albeit some `` americanized '' choice on the menu . hello buffalo chicken gyro ! but if you are craving for a fixin ' of some stuffed cabbage , potato pierogies , or halushki , this is your place . and for dirt cheap too . i think our total bill wa like $ 10 . obviously you will get the traditional gyro is here a well , with the twist of the buffalo chicken one . obviously , i am intrigued . they also sell ice cream , which if i wa not so full from my meal , i definitely would have indulged in !
hummus is very good . not a place you will want to `` go out '' for dinner but great for a quick bite to eat . would go there again .
very disappointed . delivery wa late , our gyro were cold and fry were soggy . i wont be ordering from here again .
we stopped here for a quick dinner before an appointment . i had a gyro and it wa good . i personally preferred mike & tony is to this one , but would eat here again . my wife really enjoyed the buffalo chicken gyro and is the reason i am giving 4 star . i wa going to go with 3 but changed to 4 based on her and my daughter opinion of this place.the servive wa so friendly here .
i got the normal gyro and the girlfriend got mildly adventurous with the buffalo chicken gyro.mine wa stuffed with meat to the point where there wa hardly anything else on it , which wa good enough for me , though i can imagine some people might want more tzatziki/onions and such . hers wa `` meh , '' the one thing she said about it wa `` well , it is not really a gyro . `` fairly cozy and diner-esque on the inside
this wa probably the worst gyro i have ever had . even the frozen one sold in supermarket are better than this . extremely dry , tasteless , and obviously not fresh a i watched the woman cut from the very top of the thin spindly piece of meat left and then microwave it before serving me . i will never go back to this place nor will i recommend it . stay away , gross and distasteful
i am originally from pittsburgh and wa in for a visit this past week . my fiancé and i stopped in knossos tonight before out departure , wa craving a gyro . i went with the buffalo chicken dip , which wa fabulous . stephanie , who wa very friendly and knowledgeable of the menu wa great . she truly helped out with our dining experience . we also had couple gyro , to satisfy my craving ! next time we are back in the burgh we will for sure swing by ! hope to see stephanie again , she wa awesome !
the burgh is best gyro ! do not expect a fancy atmosphere and you will not be disappointed . cheap eats and a diner-like atmosphere . they even deliver !
i stopped here and ordered a regular gyro and a spicy one for my husband . i wa in the neighborhood watching my grandson so i called ahead and walked down to pick up our order . the place wa a tad run down and nothing fancy , but the staff wa very friendly and welcoming upon my arrival . from the time i called until i walked out the door with my food it wa approximately 20min . *this on a saturday night . walked the 7 min back to my daughter place and the food wa still hot . both gyro seasoned and cooked perfectly . the fresh topping of onion , lettuce , and tomato were complemented by the tastiest tzatiki sauce i have ever had ... and the amount did not overpower the gyro but enhanced them ! all in all i say who care about the no frill ambiance when the food is this tasty ! a word on value ... . 2 lg gyros.. average size for about 14.00 . a place worth checking out !
the food is not what it used to be , le than stellar and way over priced ! ! not the place i remember , super gyro ( wa ok ) pizza boat ( $ 11.50 for a mediocre under cooked pizza boat ? ? ) fried mushroom ( were tasty ) and a small chicken salad with fermented olives= $ 30 ? ? wow ! ! ! me and 2 child could have walked around the corner to eat n park and had a better experience , and that is what i recommend you do . i do not like to bash food joint but i will not be back ! i am not hard to please , just make it tasty and give me some value .
it is a used medium store chain . not to much to say about it . i usually shy away from these place because they run the independent store out of business . i still stand by that but i got ta say that no matter which one of these i walk into , the people working here always know they are stuff and are really cool which make me want to buy something from them . this one is no exception , i asked the guy if i could see something on the top shelf and the guy practically ran to the back room to get a ladder , now that is service ! i still have to knock some star off for the low trade in value they give and the fact that their price on some stuff is pretty steep for used . still , the employee rock !
i think i might open a store , right next door to you .
stopped in for an oil change and they told me they could not open the hood . went up the road to jifffy lube and they had no problem opening the hood and gave me a discount . sorry pennzoil , i think you lost a customer .
standard pittsburgh dive . they had yuengling , newcastle and guinness on tap and basketball on the television so no complaint .
it is a bar that you can smoke in ... what more do you want ? if you need to feel pretentious while you are out , you can go to diesel which is a 3 star 'club'the apple ha dart board and will order your favorite beer for you if you ask them . a good crew work the bar , and my buddy life right by there so i am there too much.perhaps pricier than it should be , but again : it is a bar . if you are looking for the cheapest place to drink , stay home with your keystone ice ... i like my guinness draught , thank you !
the apple inn is what it is.and that is a bar in dormont that you could go to any day of the week and have a good time among friend , ( whether it is a tuesday or thursday when they have karaoke . ) the apple inn always ha decent drink special , and the bartender are always spot on , ready to hook you up with another drink when you are finished with your current one . i will , for sure , continue to come to the apple inn and get my drink on .
love this place . i used to live within walking distance and that wa a treat ! karaoke is a great time . the drink are great and inexpensive and there are always great people to meet there.i miss the pickle . ; )
the apple is decent if you live within walking distance but nothing to write home about . average draft selection . did not get into bottle but found that the bartender that happened to be working wa not overly friendly . went for a happy hour and it wa dead . have not been to the apple in year but seems like a good place to meet friend and play dart all night . smoker friendly . i could not tell the crowd that frequents it because it wa so dead .
some people follow their fav hairstylist to a new salon , we followed our fav bartender to her new bar ... and we are glad we did . this place ha been around since before i started driving so that is got ta be like 30 year or so but walking in , you would not know it . it is a smoking bar but is super clean , the air wa clear and we could not smell any smoke . my wife smoke so do not think i am bashing smoker . the décor wa perfect for a neighborhood bar- not too many gaudy sign like jack or blinding neon in every corner . there were comfortable bar stool with back around the bar and plenty of table for larger party . the only negative wa the men is room- small and in need of an update but it wa very clean . my wife said the lady room wa very clean also . there wa not anything going on at 8pm last night when we got there but i think either a dj or karaoke wa setting up in the back . we had a pitcher of beer and a couple shot . we will definitely be back .
ok atmosphere drink are overpriced for the area . service is hit or miss . not a bad place but not my first choice .
`` divey '' with a decent beer selection . located on west liberty ave , local walk here and non local have trouble finding parking . bagged snack available , good amount of television in the wall , bucs , steelers , and pen game on at game time . no idea if they serve food . wa not there long enough , just there long enough to down a ninety minute ipa while waiting for someone to finish up their tax preparation at h & r block down the street . just realized this is my 500th review on yelp ! go me !
ok. two star is because i have had better experience here . this particular visit wa absolutely awful ! i ordered a dirty martini . risky . but being that i had seen a couple others drinking it , how bad could it be ? so i took a swig and i could have , should have , ran out the door . it wa so dirty i could barley contain myself . the `` container '' that the olive juice came in should have been a red flag right there . needle to say , i wa sick that whole night and into the next day . just order the bottled beer . that is a more safe route .
another patron decided out of the blue that i had stolen from her and started physically attacking me . the staff completely ignored it . i had to literally run out the front door and call the police from another bar to get my stuff back . i had been going to this bar for twelve year on and off before that happened . never again . this is a gathering place for human garbage anymore .
i enjoy the karaoke night here . the drink are like the stock market though . sometimes the price are fair , sometimes it is $ 5 for a miller lite . i do not enjoy the stink from all the cheap cigarette . the bathroom could use some work , putting it lightly . i still enjoy this place better than any of the other bar in dormont . if i go out , it is usually here .
i love this store . they have a little bit of everything , and since they moved to a bigger location , they keep getting new stuff in . check here for incense , jewelery , herb , tea , book , mineral , crystal , and just about anything else you could want . they also offer tarot reading . make sure you say hi to the cat ( i think his name is baloo ) while your there !
occult bookstore run tha gamut from dark , dusty and creepy , to bright , airy and pleasant . moonstone is definitely one of the latter . if one wa only looking for book , i will say the store wa disorganized , but only because there are small cluster of book to be found all over the store . the extensive collection of birthstone jewelry is amazing , even for one not interested in mystical theme . the incense and candle were very neat and orderly , unlike many store i have been to , not just the occult-type . there wa a fairly decent collection of crystal and other esoteric supplies.i have made many excuse for why i have not taken the trip out to moonstone before , but never again . i absolutely love this store and can not wait to have reason to go there again .
what a hidden gem in the south hill . this fun little store carter to a wide range a spiritual curiosity . you can explore your psychic side with a modest selection of power crystal , tarot card and scent . i found the selection of book to be helpful and spanned a wide range of interest .
great shop in dormont - very large with lot of variety . seems to cater to all different walk . the shopkeeper are always very friendly and helpful . they have a great collection of candle , bead , and herb . my only complaint , ironically , are their stone . the jewelry is nice ( and arguably the largest collection in the city for this type of store ) , but the tumbled stone are buried deep in the back of the store in such gloom you can barely make them out . they also look like they were tumbled by a lawnmower . it is such a shame . i wish they would bring the tumbled rock out into the sunlight and stock up with some fresh stone . other than that though , they are doing a great job and we enjoy visiting often .
i have to say , a far `` new age bookstore '' go , this one is the most impressive shop i have had the privilege to visit thus far . moonstone is deceptively small looking from the outside , but on the inside there are a many thing to see a there are spiritual path . after year of searching , i found a pendulum ! i wa so surprised to find the unassuming tiny metal acorn literally jump at me ! i had assumed that what i needed would be an ornate crystal pendulum , but `` great thing come in small package '' . after i took it home it took no time to get acquainted with it . the store contains many crystal , gem , jewelry , oil , and even jar of dried herb . there were around 60 different bumper sticker to chooses from . and hard to find matchstick incense . it is exactly what you think , a match you strike that burn a incense . speaking of which , i wa disappointed to not find any `` pick your own '' incense stick . my supply is quite depleted , and i need more . i did but a very dainty scarf from the selection of hat and clothing on the top most floor of the labyrinth . i hope to attend one of the interesting class that i have seen mentioned . it doe appear that the list need to be updated . i also love how the shopkeeper do not keep a hawk is eye on you . instead they allow you to spend your time browsing the merchandise alone . after all , it is difficult to hear a small voice when an item is calling out to you if you are anxious from unwelcome stare .
for six year now i have been threatening to purchase a salt lamp for my bedside table . the early spring and late summer when i am using allergy medication like a fish us water , i thought a little natural relief while i sleep would help alleviate the morning sneezing fit . i got one here for an amazon price of relatively cheap . i also bought some healing stone and crystal . she also carry some impressive jewelry and stone that can be set in necklace and bracket . the place is huge , and just when you think you have seen everything , you can walk down a hew hallway and find more thing . great little shop that reminds me of a shop in a stephen king novel called needful thing . although that shop wa owned by satan and made his customer do unspeakable thing to each other , this is far from that . but you do get the feeling here that we are not alone and there are other realm to our world . book galore on the occult , spirit world , shadow people , how to rid your home of evil spirit and i just wish she wa not closing the store when i wa walking in . she wa nice enough to stay open until i purchased my salt lamp . i will return and get my fill of this place and look around for four or five hour .
moonstone is an excellent shop . i am from out of town but wa able to order a gift basket of incense , stone and oil over the phone and have it delivered to a sick relative nearby . tell them what/who you need it for ( e.g . a sick friend ) and they will personally construct the gift basket and deliver it if not too far away worked perfectly for me and -- again -- they are very nice . ask for amy .
i love the unique merchandise they carry and it is a fun shop to browse around - so many interesting and beautiful thing to discover around every corner ! love the shop cat , too . i had to downgrade , though , because whenever i have gone in with one or two of my child we get the stink-eye , the following , and the `` do not touch ! '' comment the whole time we are there . even though my child are quiet and shy and cling to me whenever we are out . even though they were not touching anything anyway ( i make sure they do not ! ) even though i always spend more money when the kid are with me.it say `` all path welcome , '' but we did not feel welcome at all : - (
adorable shop with ton stuff in every corner . there are thing small and large all over so make sure to come here with time on your hand because you might just miss out if you are in a rush- there are room upstairs too !
moonstone is a really neat little place in dormont ... .you would not expect something like this to be in dormont . you can spend quite a bit of time in there just looking at all the cool different stuff they have ! the people that work there are very nice a well . it is not a place a lot of people go into i feel because they think it is `` weird '' or voodoo lol but it is not , you do not have to be into anything to go in there and check stuff out . they have some cool spiritual thing a well .
moonstone is a fun store to browse . the candle all smell amazing , and you can not beat the price . all of the staff are always nice and knowledgable . i also really love that they have a store cat .
to the owner of this cute little shop - i pas your little shop twice a day on my way to and from work and wa super excited to finally get the chance to go in and purchase some item i have seen through the window a well a other potential item i may have found . a i entered the shop , i wa asked to leave my purse at the counter . check my purse , yes , but leave my purse with complete stranger ? i do not think so . i am entitled not to be made to feel a a potential thief before i have even made it through the door . i work in the industry a well and know that before you can accuse someone of stealing , you will better know for sure that they have pocketed or stolen something or you can face a potential lawsuit . while i understand a a company , you are entitled to your policy and this may be your way of avoiding potential thief , i am entitled to shop where i can hold onto my wallet with which carry the money i would have spent in your store today .
i wa excited to come to this store when i moved to the neighborhood because i love store like this . not a fantastic selection but pretty decent . the merchandise is weirdly organized.i go in today after picking up a few grocery and they tell me that they need to hold my purse and my bad of grocery . which sure , i guess that is ok. my problem is i feel like i wa targeted . there wa another woman with her purse and they did not ask her to hold her stuff . there wa something i wanted to buy but i ended up leaving after a few minute of half hearted browsing . it just left a bad taste in my mouth .
this review is for the merchandise of the shop - the crystal are organized by the zodiac . for those who are metaphysically geared , this mean you can pick out your stone by whether you are a pisces , aries , sagittarius , etc . though i did not realize it at first , when i did , it wa really , really helpful in helping me pick out the stone i wanted . lot of beautiful crystal jewelry piece and unusual stone . you go to most shop and they do not have half of the selection moonstone doe . had something called maw sit sit , which , being an avid crystal hunter , i will never seen that before and wa totally surprised about . they also have a great selection of jewelry piece for wicca path , goddess symbolism , and other earth-based following , which you do not usually see . crystal gridders ! for a metaphysical store , the amount and diversity of small grid style stone wa great . if i had a local client who wa looking for crystal to grid their home , i will suggest moonstone . picking out crystal online is difficult and oft , disappointing - so it is best to pick them out in person . this is a great place if you are looking to grid something . i bought a beautiful pendant while there and got a cool book a well . overall a+ in 'stuff they have . ' in the end , shoplifting fear of the owner aside - the stone were great and i got a cool book . i wish moonstone all the best in their business and the abundance that may come !
i have been a customer off and on for year . it is easy to get lost in browsing . do yourself a favor and check them out .
great experience ! we had a string quartet for our wedding ( steve ehrlich string ) and they did a very nice job , were subtle but present and definitely knew what they were doing . contact and communication before the wedding wa very good too . definitely recommended - and our guest really liked the live music !
i recently had my 21 birthday and booked entertainment unlimited to dj at my party . i had talked to him we worked out type of music and a playlist that would best fit my party and it is theme . he got there on time and wa set up before my party guest showed up . it wa the best party i have ever had , he wa interactive and got everyone dancing ! overall it wa a great time and i would be happy to recommend them to anyone .
i used entertainment unlimited and dj jet for our wedding . he wa very professional and played song to which everyone could relate . he kept the event on track and i think everyone wa satisfied . i would definitely recommend him for your event .
the company offered a game show type experience to a group of 150 people i hosted . they showed up on time , were nice to work with and everyone had a blast !
hand down best wedding dj ever . we had pj the dj at my wedding this past weekend and could t be happier . april wa a big help in booking and coordinating everything . she made the `` business part '' very easy and laid back . answered all of our question when needed within a reasonable amount of time . pj fed off the crowd and kept the party going to the very end .
great small grocer ! giant eagle offer a lot of thing , but they do not offer me everything i am looking for when i go shopping . kuhn is , on the other hand , offer all of those little idiosyncrasy and nuance that i look for that i can not find anywhere else . the biggest thing for me is the fact that they carry boar is head brand luncheon meat . i really do not know how anyone eats any other brand of luncheon meat since they all just taste so stale in comparison . i can tell that a higher number of italian-american folk patronize this store a well . why ? the pasta selection is awesome . i despise the typical noodle carried everywhere else ; but here i can find the noodle that i have grown to love . getting beyond the reason above , i do enjoy the store a a whole and the fact that i can find what i am looking for . i will definitely be returning ; i just have to make certain to be careful of the parking situation since this particular store is parking lot layout is prone to jamming . in this case , it is better to park near pnc and walk .
i really like kuhn is , i support them since they do buy local , well a local a possible . in the heat of the summer month , they get a lot of their produce from local farmer , they buy local meat , dairy , and charcuterie . great bakery at this location too , a lot of old fashioned style baked good too . like mountain pie , gob , rhubarb pie etc .
kuhn is seems like they pride themselves on being a `` family '' themed grocery store.i have been to kuhn is quite a few time , since they are located so close to me , and have found their product to be much more expensive than other grocery store , and i understand that they take pride in what they offer to their customer and buy their produce locally . but , to me , a a cheap as , i do not care how they get their product , all i really care about is the price . and their price are too expensive . the store itself is very small and cramped , i get confused very easily a to where to find some products.i do like the friendly atmosphere inside kuhn is though , all of the employee seem really nice and are eager to please and talk to you , and for that i will give them three star . but other than the friendliness , i am going to aldi , where stuff is much cheaper..
you can not beat a fairly centrally-located grocery store that is open 24-7 buttt the smell in there is ughhh . year and year of spilled food / blood from the meat department and etc . you get the picture . the high-point is perhaps the hot food that you can get over in the deli.-area . some really good `` soul-food '' . fried chicken , mashed potato , mac n cheese and etc ... i will go out of my way for that stuff , sometimes ...
thank god for kuhn is . seriously , after having to survive on foodland , the only `` neighborhood '' grocery store in mt . washington , this is a welcome change . i actually wa excited to move to dormont knowing we will potentially have a better place to grocery shop locally.kuhn is ha absolutely surpassed foodland . it is clean , ha most everything i need and it is at the right price . i am actually surprised how much variety they offer in such a `` small '' space . small being the operative word , considering most giant eagle is are ginormous . i have even discovered new product here , like my delicious lara fiber bar . i am surprised at the nice gourmet cheese selection , the big deli area and even a counter for fresh seafood . so now i can just run down the block if i need to pick up something quick or do my whole week is shopping here . it is glorious ! the only thing i wish for is a better parking lot . since i am coming off dwight ave it is nice to sneak right in . but coming out is another issue . there is only one way traffic around the parking lot . so you are usually stuck waiting behind car trying to park and pull out . this is very minor though ... just an impatient person talking here.the main point.. it is way cheaper than giant eagle ! neighbor rejoice !
so i have to ask myself , why do not i shop here more often ? my family and i tend to shop at giant eagle , partly because of the large size of their store and partly because of their getgo reward . kuhn is ha somehow become the place we stop when we do not have time to drive to giant eagle . which is totally a shame , because whenever i do stop in here i am reminded about how nice the place actually is . today a simple trip for milk turned into a fall-themed decoration shopping spree that went really well ( yay super cute owl pillow ! ) and i ended up picking some breakfast and lunch item a well just because of how cheap they were . i know from past experience that the produce is fresh , and between the wonderful aroma and colorful display the bakery here is absolutely torturous to pas . there is also a ready-made dinner/lunch shelf with sandwich , chicken wing , pizza and a few dessert item if you want to grab those on your way out ; i have actually gotten dinner here a few time on my way home from the city when i wa too tired to cook . what is not to like about affordable and delicious food , right ? however , there is at least one thing that doe keep me from wanting to be a regular here and giving kuhn is a 5 star review : the blasted parking lot you have to deal with to go here , which i have cursed in other review . this lot is the one that fill up super quickly , creates miniature traffic jam like no one is business , and is a time-stealing trap . sigh . suddenly i think i understand why my family always go to giant eagle.sorry , kuhn is . your price are wonderful , your set-up fantastic , and your option well varied and impressive . but can you blame a girl for hating a poorly constructed parking lot ? ( do not worry . you are still great . i am sure i will see you again ! )
though it is cramped , smell a little funny and ha a major parkin issue most time of the day , kuhn is is convenient . i can find the majority of what i need and the employee i have come across have been friendly and helpful . their price are average to high , but that is to be expected from a small regional store . if you live in the area give ' a shot ...
kuhn is is really the only convenient grocery for where we live and they do have a great selection of higher end lunch meat , etc. , but i had a terrible experience with their poultry . it took several minute to sort through the grey , fatty boneless , skinless chicken breast and when i finally found a package that did not appear to have spoiled , i came home to find that the breast had never been cut into breast . there were several large piece with a ton of trimming to be done . drive the extra distance to giant eagle if you need anything from the meat department .
kuhn is automatically receive 1 for being open 24 hour . beyond that , customer service ha been great , the shelf are stocked well , prepared food and deli item are better for you than fast food with better ingredient at a better value ! when i am in the the are , this is my go-to shopping spot .
really nice place . we shop here all the time . great service , great selection .
kuhn is is a great little market . priced fairly and if they do not carry an item that you just have to have , ask them ! they are really a lot like the old type grocery store . the meat is always really good , and i have no complaint about this store . no , it is not giant sized but that is one of the thing i like most about it .
i have not been to kuhn is in month and forgot how much i prefer it over the other grocery store in the area . once you get past the craziness in the parking lot it is not so bad . it is smaller than the other grocery store around but still have ample choice of all your produce/meat/dairy/deli need fo sho . their price are le expensive than ge too ! if only they had fuel perk ... the service is always fast and friendly . i will be doing the rest of my thanksgiving shopping here . they have some good deal going on right now . .99lb honeysuckle turkey no min purchase !
welcome to kuhn is best meat , best price , and produce . forget those fuel perk -- you pay double for everything just for fuel perk
this is my `` go-to '' grocery store . for starter , it is a practical size . i do not need to walk halfway around the planet , or use gps , to find what i need . the staff are always helpful and friendly ! despite their modest size , they do stock a very wide range of product , meat , and produce-far more than any other grocery store of similar size . also , kuhn is started a a butcher shop waaaay back in the day , and the quality and selection of their meat show it-far better than any competitor . they are open 24 hour , and the deli is open til 10pm . the hot food here are fantastic . i often just grab my dinner to go , while i am shopping . and the rotisserie chicken are huge compared to other store . i just wish the hot food were open a bit longer-they shut down , and 6pm , when most people are just getting home from work . the baked good are another plus . the cake here actually taste like cake from a bakery . not many grocery store can make such a claim . checking out at kuhn is is also a breeze . they actually have plenty of staff on register , so a to keep line moving , and very short-unlike s & s and big bird . and there are none of those damned self check out . if i am giving a store my business , i should not have to check myself out , because they are too cheap to properly staff the place ( i am talking to you giant eagle ) . in addition , the price here typically lower than s & s and big bird . the only reason i can not give this place a full 5 star , is that they often run out of basic product ( dog food , deli meat , sale item ) , the early closing of hot food , and the game of chicken one ha to play when parking at banksville plaza . still , kuhn is is by far , the best grocer in the area .
i love this place ! great price , good selection , and open 24 hour . go there late night , the whole place is empty , and you can do your grocery shopping in peace .
my main grocery store . i hate pretty much all of the grocery store around here . giant eagle is overpriced , and aldi ha terrible selection . i like trader joe is , but it is really a place to get a few special item that can not be found elsewhere . kuhn is on the other hand , is just a good standard grocery store that ha all of the basic . i have been happy with kuhn is produce , and it is a good place to stock up on some things.one criticism is that they really need to redo their bathroom . and more importantly , do a better job cleaning them . i will never go in there if i could avoid it , but every once in a while my kid really need to go and i do not want to deal with an accident .
convenience and the fact that they are open 24 hour ( i guess that can go with convenience ) . a hit or miss deli staff and cashier staff . the place is way too over priced . the produce is rarely good and is over priced . the store is stuck in the 80 is and always look dirty . i will never buy meat or seafood here because of that very reason . i would just shop at aldi , market district or shop n save if they were closer
had a friend who went here . really bad experience
a-ok barber shop . typical old school shop with 3 chair . my kid and i go here and they do good job including shaving the neck . depending on the clientele , it can be fun to listen and partake in the conversation .
i had an appointment there , showed up , and the hair dresser did not even show up ! the owner is the one who took my appointment . somehow it got lost ? they are a hot mess . i will never go here again !
got a good heavy blonde highlight result from the owner . my hair base is a honey blonde and i had both older ( all over ) and newer ( 6 month old crown only ) highlight . i went in for a highlight consult before i bought a groupon to ass experience . i thought the consult could have been much stronger but i felt comfortable that she knew what she wa doing . she wrapped a full head , processed with heat ( but would have preferred to process without heat given we were bleaching on bleach -- never a good idea ) , washed , conditioned , cut and styled in about 2.5+ hour which is about standard in a busy salon but fast for a personally owned one ( imho ) .the pro : * it wa mostly a quiet service ( i hate smalltalk ) * it wa a quick but pretty precise wrap ( thought it could have been closer to scalp ) * i got a full head , cut , and style for $ 60 with groupon* i got the color and cut result i wanted and i am a super picky clientthe con : * they do not quote a service price upfront which included no mention of a $ 10 extra product charge* condition of my hair , not bad but not good , which wa to be expected but i saw what i consider to be too much breakage that she wa downplaying but would have been le so processing without heat . i am going to condition the h3ll out of it for the next few weeks* i asked for sliced foil ( that result in chunkier highlight ) and i got weaved . when i asked she why are we weaving them , she said that with a week old root regrowth that slicing would look bad ( i disagree because slicing is the way i like them done ) . i thought her advice sharing could have been handled better , but i let it go* i did not want my end bleached ( i wa willing to deal with reverse `` hombre '' ) , though she did reduce the peroxide at the end with a 2nd mixture , it wa still touching the higher mixture at midshaft , given the way she foiled ) * heat processing on already processed lightened hair but i did not speak up and tried to rely on her expertise* the owner had a tendency to complain about her staff and about not being able to find good talent ( true but unprofessional to me ) . besides that , which i could live with , this tell me that i would never use another person in her salon if she were not available ( not good for her business ) the owner , a should be expected , wa diligent about product ( shampoo , conditioner , shine emollient ) and service upsells ( glaze , toner , deep conditioner ) and i did not want any of it . while i understand this , i do not buy salon product ( ever ) a i get it at wholesale so at first i just did not respond but eventually i said i have more product than i could ever use in a lifetime and that even if i were not , that i am on a tight budget . but she continued to push when it would have been more appropriate to concede on the extra to push up the cost total.the owner is going to do thing her way if you let her . if you are ok with that , then good , if you are an input and very hair tech knowledgeable client such a myself , you are going to get resistance.overall , the service itself wa good , the customer service wa soso but i would go back for either a cut or color and i would insist upfront no product and service upselling
for the last 7 year i have lived in pittsburgh , it ha been a long journey to find good hair stylist . i will have to say that tamila did a wonderful job with my hair . i had a partial low light and cut . i have naturally dry hair/curly hair , so i wa worried about getting color to it . it is been a little over a month and my hair wa not effected by the color . she gave me tip on how to treat my hair , which ha helped a deal . i also got a cut that i actually asked for . every time i have gotten my hair cut and have asked for a certain style . however , i always end up getting a result of what the stylist want . it is very frustrating.. and lazy to say the least . i have worked in swanky salon in south florida , so i know a little about how stylist feel about their client and ego . i did not have that here . she listened , gave tip , and advice on color . she did her job the way she should have and i have no complaint . i walked out confident and happy with my look . i am looking forward to coming back .
best shop by far in the south hill . purchased a cannondale 29er there , and have had numerous service visit for various bike . always helpful and always call to let you know when service is fixed . if you are in the market for a cannondale in the south hill this place ha better customer service by far than the other south hill cannondale dealer .
great shop ! knowledgable staff , very helpful . while during the summer they get pretty busy , if you need something on short notice , they will do their best to get the work done for you . reasonable price , great mechanic !
this is a great little bike shop ! i went here looking for a hybrid and tried out a couple of different model . one of the bike i wanted to try they did not have assembled in my size yet , but rob said they would assemble it in my size and have it available for me to test ride either that afternoon or the next day . i went back the next day to try it out , and though i ended up liking the other ( le expensive ) model better , i thought it wa great that he wa willing to assemble a bike just so that i could try it out to be sure of my decision . he also threw in a bottle cage and kickstand for free when i bought the bike ! they may not have the biggest selection , but this is a really amazing lb that go above and beyond for it customer .
absolute best place to buy a quality bike in pittsburgh . the staff really love cycling and share their extensive knowledge with you to help find the best bike for you . i did not feel like i wa being up-sold anything . i really trust this place . frequent customer for life .
i came in tonight ready to buy a bike . in fact , i called to see if they had the specific bike i wa looking for . there were plenty of worker there , and i waited around for ten minute before i left . i wa really disappointed . it wa only when i wa leaving when a guy asked me if i needed help . maybe it wa because i am a woman ? the only people getting help in there tonight were two other guy . what a terrible experience . i am glad i took my money elsewhere .
this place is a good a it get . there are a lot of great bike shop in pittsburgh , but this one ha that mom & pa feel to it . plus they have pro gear and expertise . i will definitely purchase my next bike there and will go here for all maintenance moving forward . stopped in to have a tire fixed and i wa in and out of the door within 10 minute . the guy wa willing to share a ton of information and told me about their program where you can rent a protocol bike for an afternoon to try it out before you spend a lot of money . great service and happy place like this exist .
listen ... lot of bike shoppes are popping up in the pittsburgh area . there is a lot of competition . these guy will treat you with respect , and answer any question you have in a great detail a you desire whether you are buying a $ 10 accessory , a $ 30 repair , or a $ 2000 bike . furthermore , if you need a repair they treat you the same whether you have a top-of-the-line bike or a walmart bike . before he got sick , my father bought me a department store schwinn right around the time they got iffy . he did not have a lot of money . his dad had bought him a schwinn at the same age . with the money i have spent on part over the year on this bike i could have purchased a premium bicycle . but this obviously hold some sentimental value , so i appreciate their care with it . also , had an inconvenient problem after i had some maintence done and they fixed it very quickly and explained to me in detail ( and physically showed me ) what wa wrong with my bike . i would not go anywhere else.problem you will find in other store ( especially that one on bethel church road ) : snobbery , elitist , over pricing , eye roll , and entitlement . touching upon whitney b . is review from july 2 , 2015 ... no , do not pull the gender card on this . it ha nothing to do with you being a woman . these guy are bike-minded . it might be their one drawback . i do not think one of them could run for a political office and win because they just simply are not faker . they are not overly-nice . they are not gushy . what they lack for in some people is expectation of warmth and courtesy , they make up for with expertise and fair pricing which is really what you are going there for . it is not a restaurant , after all ...
i can not believe this place ha not been reviewed yet . if you live in beechview you already know about this place , but if you do not you need to try this place out if you are passing through.at first glance , you will barely notice the bar/restaurant from the exterior . inside it is your typical pittsburgh bar with a some additional seating in the back . so you would think , why take the time to review this place . well they have a old-fashion popcorn machine which they offer free while you are drinking at the bar and this popcorn wa phenomenal . but it only get better , happy hour pint for 90 cent . so , delicious popcorn + beer= great afternoon after work . well at this point , i wa like wow , this little place well served it purpose for a cheap happy hour on my way home from work . and then : the reuben . now i am not the connoisseur of reuben but , this one wa absolutely flavorful.all in all- check this place out if you are in the area and need to grab a cold one .
the huddle is foolishly cheap . it is cash only . you will meet a lot of yinzers here . it is highly entertaining to sit at the bar and listen to the conversation occurring around you . the average age is probably 45 , but it is well interspersed with younger people , hipster , and unpretentious people that want a cheap beer . if you live in the area , and you have not been here yet , you should definitely swing through . most bottle of beer here are $ 2 . do not expect to order any micros , but there is a solid list of macro available . bucket are a popular option . i have also eaten here , and while i do not remember what i got , i do know that it wa cheap , and it wa well worth the $ 6 or so i spent on the meal . last but definitely not least ... there is free fresh popcorn in the back . boom .
great local watering hole with excellent wing !
it is past 10pm , we are hungry , coming home from a wedding party that served small portion of non-edible food . we are visitor from the west coast , know nothing of the area . yelped for an establishment that is open late , and still serf food within a 2-mile radius from our hotel . voila ! yelp ha sent u to huddle . not only did we get some bomb-ass fish and chip , we got stiff drink for cheap . wow ! i would not mind coming back here just to hang out if we are in town again . only thing is it is cash only . good thing we still had some handy .
who doe not love being able to walk across the street to an awesome dive bar with a great menu ! my husband and i used to go to the huddle once a week ... they have really good wing ( also wing night ) and food , including daily special . the soup wa always a must have , with seafood chowder being my favorite . i always ended up ordering way too much food because it is so reasonable priced . we will spend $ 30 tip included ( always at 25 % because that is what a good waitress deserves ) and leave with box of food ! definitely a place to be checked out ! ! !
the huddle is like something out of my california-girl dream , where something called yinzers talk about awesome blue collar thing in weird accent and you watch hockey and drink beer.it is so exotic ! my husband , a pittsburgh native , think of it a your classic neighborhood bar . but a place like this would be overrun with hipster in california and they will charge 6 bux for a pbr . they have free popcorn which is amazing . and their food look pretty good , though i have never eaten here . actually , once i had cheese fry and they were pretty tasty , huge plate for $ 4 i think it wa . great bar ! very comforting !
i like the double cooked wing , but they are like chick wing they are so mini . the thing that turn me off the most about this place is they have cardboard disposable bowl for their complimentary popcorn - however they get upset if u try and use it to put wing bone or other thing in it because they insist on wiping out & reusing the disposable bowl . disgusting & totally unsanitary imo . if they insist on reusing those , imagine where they are cutting corner behind closed kitchen door . i will go back for bottled beer , that is about it .
... look ... i hate writing a le than stellar review of a business . it actually make my cold goth baby heart sad . no one want to go somewhere and get bad service , thats just ludicrous . ( not ludacris , close but not the same . ) i have just recently moved to beechview and the best part of moving to a new part of this wonderful city is giving new business a try ! i have sampled so many tasty and amazing new food item and coffee drink etc etc . i am always in search of a non-smoking bar where i can hang out , eat , drink , and get to know the local . i prefer small bar with `` yinzers '' a they tend to be a true gauge of a neighborhood for me . we have many friend in this area , which mean that we got some great tip before we even moved in about different type of food , store , laundromat , and bar . one of these tip , repeated from friend to friend , wa the huddle . a the name implies it is a bar where you can be certain you can watch a sport game of whatever sport-ball type you are interested in . it is indeed non-smoking , a handful of table suitable for 4 people and a `` u '' shaped bar right in the center a soon a you come in . it is a cash only establishment with an atm on site for quick transaction . the have free popcorn from a popcorn machine which make the place smell amazing . it is been around quite a while which mean that there is a great group of local who frequent the establishment . this is truly everything i need in a local bar . we had been in for the very first time for drink shortly after moving in and happened to be in there on one of their two weekly wing night . this are not the wee tiny wing , more a weird in between of some of the `` full '' size wing i have had other place that clearly came from giant monster mutant chicken ( i mean maybe they were goose wing , who even know ... they were huge ) and the teeny tiny wing night wing you find most other place . they have two option ; buffalo ( sloppy ) and `` tanned '' which are buffalo then cooked again so they are drier and crisp and un-freaking-believeable . the price are mega cheap and it is so filling and delicious we have been back more than once for them . i like this place so much we have even taken the handsome-boyfriend is mother there when she wa in town for the weekend . ( p.s . she loved it too ! ) my dear sweet lovely reader , here is where i have to talk about something le than all of the amazing part i have already mentioned . tonight , both ravenous from too little food and too much work-day , we trekked up the monster that is coast avenue for beer and food and a chill environment ( that would undoubtably involve pre-season football ) . we walk in the door and aside from an employee ( other than the bartender ) and a few people in the back at table , we are the only patron aside from one regular . we belly up to the bar on the far side and say our hello . this is where i get a serious case of the sad . the bartender working seemed annoyed by our presence . ok , i get it ... i work sort of indirectly with the public i have day where i can not handle people . it happens ! a customer come in and sit down , she greets them with a warmth that wa clearly lacking . ok. that is sort of disappointing but still fine . when we got to the point that we asked for a menu three time while she retrieved menu and took order for the people next to u an hour after we came in ... thats where i start to have an issue with the service . eventually we decided to leave because i wa tipping over the line to `` hangry '' and wa afraid i will lose my temper after the 3rd time we had asked for menu and did not get them while she continued to warmly greet other patron and provide them menu and take their order while refilling our beer seemed to be an annoyance to her to the point of not even asking if we wanted another or the same beer and just taking the glass and starting to fill it ( wherein i had to stop her because i had not asked her for another one and actually just wanted the tab cashed out ) .yes , of course i will give it another try , i want this to be my local hang out bar . my service in sitting at the table or being served by the woman i presume is the owner ha been great . the food is amazing . the price are great . do not let me down , the huddle .
good food . reasonable pricing . wing and ring were my fair my most recent stop heremy friend had a steak which looked and smelled delicious . she confirmed that it wa .
great experience at the huddle tonight . our first time there , the bartender wa great . very friendly and made u feel welcome . other customer were nice and we enjoyed talking with them . homemade soup were so good we took some to go ... and philly cheese steak wa great . not even one complaint .
best steak i have ever eaten in my life ! it wa juicy , cooked perfect , and priced unbelievably low for the quality ! all food is cooked fresh and the server are prompt and courteous . when you first walk in , the lighting is a bit on the darker side ( a most bar are ) but you get to the back you can seat yourself and the waitress come over and get the drink . alcohol is very , very reasonably priced and the drink are made perfect . all in all , if you are looking for a great steak at a highly underrated place , look no further .
racism at it is finest . the owner refuse to take care of black people . i wa appalled when i witnessed that myself . i will never go there again .
i wish beechview had more restaurant on broadway avenue but at least the huddle is there . really nice atmosphere despite having a bar . they are busier on friday night than one would think amd for good reason . we ordered the veggie platter which wa plentiful with tasty mushroom , cauliflower , zucchini , and onion ring . i ordered the fish and fry special which i wa surprised wa different than their usual fried fish plate ... .a nice suprise . although their fish on a plate is excellent . crispy , tasty and the fry were very good a well . with the reuben my boyfriend ordered the fry were a fresh cut variety and different than my fry . the reuben wa also yummy . a a big fan of fry it wa interesting to see both type . service wa fast and unobtrusive . cash only and reasonably priced a well . we will be going back a it is right in our neighborhood can not beat that !
people are not joking about the tanned wing . they are epic . they fry them up , cover them in sauce , and then put them in the oven for a bit so the sauce bakes in . they look dry and almost overcooked when they get to your table , but they are incredibly tender and delicious . and they give you ton of good ranch to go with them , too.this being a divey local place , the service is not impeccable - my waitress wa very nice , but spent a lot of time loudly chatting with the table next to mine . and it really bum me out that they are cash only . they have an atm , but it of course charge a ridiculous fee.overall , though : amazing wing , cheap cold beer , and decor that look like your grandparent ' basement . good stuff .
i wa lucky enough to find the huddle a few year ago when i wa residing in beechview . i have moved since then but i drive the 15 minute or so to the huddle on a regular basis . it is one of my favorite spot to go for drink with friend , wing night , or a dinner date . i always enjoy taking friend and family there , despite that i selfishly want to keep it a secret . if too many people started showing up it would lose that delicate balance of remaining just busy enough but never too crowded to have a good time . the food is always great and the price are super affordable . true , the wait staff doe not have that sense of urgency one appreciates but i consider it part of the laid back , inviting atmosphere that is rare these day .
making your way in the world today take everything you have got.taking a break from all your worry , sure would help a lot.would not you like to get away ? yea yea- it is nice to go where everybody know your name , but you know what is even better ? a server who know your drink order and weekly wing order.their wing are the best in the city . now i like a 20 flavor wing sauce list a much a the next guy , but trust that you do not need all of those option . at the huddle you get 2 sauce choice and you can have those choice wet or tanned . bbq tanned in my go-to . they slather on that sweet bbq and then bake it into the wing . the result are wing with crispy , sticky skin and tender , juicy meat . the huddle is not trying to be fancy or unique . they are serving straight up bar food , but it is pretty good bar food . also , do not expect 5 star service ( but the wing make up for it ) .aside from the wing , i am a huge fan of their reuben and their monstrous grilled cheese . pizza is surprisingly good a well ! we usually have a party of 6 on wing night and their pizza is the perfect appetizer to split among the table.cash only !
not sure what people see here but it is a never again . i wa with a party if 8 , appetizer were frozen from a bag , waitress messed up 2 of the order , steak came out wrong and she made u pas out drink to each other . it wa busy but at time could not find her . the rest of the wait staff seemed irritated and i had to get another waitress to find ours because she wa sitting having a conversation with the table a few down from u . if you want decent bar find you may a well make yourself a drink and burger at home and call it a night out instead of waisting your time with this place .
best salon in dormont , if not the city .
always leaving incredibly happy
because i am the cheapskatiest of cheapskate , i love groupon , but i have always been wary of buying groupons for thing like haircut - they are so personal , and when they go wrong , they can go so very wrong . but , feeling particularly poor and without having established a favorite hair person here in pittsburgh , i took a chance and bought a groupon for sergios . i even made an appointment with someone totally unknown - no yelp review , no word of mouth approval , no bio on the website , no nothing ! that is right y'all i can be spontaneous . good thing i only had highlight & a trim planned ... and lucky me , it wa fantastic.you can tell that the space ha fairly recently transitioned from down-home barbershop to classy salon ( due to a change of ownership from father to son , apparently ) . all of the staff seemed uniformly very young and very hip , but still friendly and accommodating . the music wa all 90 and 2000s pop and alternative throwback that were such a delight . and my mystery hairstylist wa awesome - dave not only gave me a really great cut and the most thorough highlighting of my life , but he also charmed my pant off - just a genuine , friendly , interesting fellow.i highly recommend this little gem - and if you have never been to dormont , here is your chance ! ( i hear there is karaoke at the apple on tuesday ... )
i wa on the prowl for a new hair dresser after being continuously disappointed at another local salon . i saw that sergio is had a really great deal on groupon and wa familiar with where it wa since i used to pas by it regularly on my way to work . 2 haircut for $ 25.. you can not even get a deal like that at the crappy chain salon ! also , i wa really excited to try the salon after reading that sergio himself had trained under the talented robert cromeans ! ! the best salon experience i had ever had wa at his arc salon in la vega , so i had high hopes.i arrived for my haircut probably a half an hour early . surprisingly even though they were super packed ( i wa there at 6:30 ) they were able to take me right back . my stylist wa richie and he wa extremely personable.the salon itself is by far one of the best i have seen in pittsburgh . all of the stylist were busy with client and the energy of the place wa great . also great music added so much to the atmosphere.during my consultation richie listend to everything and i mean everything i wanted . i think that is the most important part about being a hairstylist is being able to listen . needle to say my haircut came out amazing . he took a good chunk of time with me , which wa great because i hate feeling rushed in and out of a salon . not too mention that he gave me the most thorough blowout of my life ! feeling very welcomed , heard , and appreciated at a salon make the entire experience so much better than `` just getting your hair done '' .in the end i am very excited to enjoy my next haircut here in october . i have definitely found my new stylist and salon ! !
just moved back to the burgh after 20 year , had to desperately get my hair hooked up , cut and color.. i have been a faithful vidal sassoon junkie in scottsdale , az for year with an amazing stylist . i am happy i came upon sergios is i found them on groupon , but i did not use the groupon a i prefer to start my loyalty off on the right foot and give to my local community and business partner . i am so happy i took a chance , and the plunge head first into their door . the moment i walked in , everyone wa very friendly and warm . i did not have to wait long and my new stylist , wa on time . i will definitely recommend karen hobaugh , her expertise and knowledge is top of the line ! she travel often to continue her education and hone her skill ... and the girl certainly ha got them ! she recently returned from la taking advanced instruction through sassoon ! i am a happy camper ! just excellent , she took her time , gave me an amazing assessment , mapped out a plan for my locks.. i have great confidence in my new choice of stylist and will definitely return and look nowhere else . oh and the salon i guess ha been updated since the original salon and is very clean and young and ha a modern feel and twist to it , and the owner sergio wa there doing his thing too , he wa very friendly and they are all so incredibly accommodating .. there is parking in the back ( which i wa not aware since i am new back to the burgh and directionally challenged ! ) but sergio wa kind enough to provide his own quarter and sent a staff member actually out to add more quarter to my meter , and another client that wa in there a well ... let me reiterate , there is parking in the back : ) do not look any further.. give this place a shot . i am very picky.. you will be satisfied : ) cheer !
great salon ! the staff is always very friendly and welcoming . i have been here three time so far and have always left feeling beautiful ! make an appointment with karen , she is a hair genius ! she always doe an amazing job at keeping up with my current demand ! ( :
i have been going to bri at sergio is for about a year and a half . i came in frazzled one day and said ... make me blonde again ! without hesitation , she gave me a beautiful blonde makeover . i had gotten the runaround from about 3 other salon saying that i had to have a double process and thing like ... it is a lot of maintenance . bri knew exactly what i wanted , put a plan in place and now we have a routine that is perfect for me . she give great cut and thins my hair the way i like it ! she is nice and friendly but not overly talkative . i enjoy all of the people at this salon . they are young and hip and friendly and knowledgeable . i would recommend it to anybody who is looking to for a positive experience .
on a whim i decided to redo my current hairstyle . i work six day a week and usually 8-10 hour shift at awkward time . i called sergio is and they immediately welcomed me and said `` how soon can you get here '' . i had the pleasure of meeting karen and i must say she is excellent . i challenged her with just a picture of an inverted ombre ( light blonde to dark brown ) and she wa so excited for the challenge . she informed me of every decision she wa making and made sure that i wa comfortable the entire time . i had work shortly and when i made that a point to karen , she did not rush or do the job half way , but rather she gave me exactly what i wanted in just the nick of time . i do not think i will be going anywhere else for a long time because of the positive experience i had .
i have been going here for over 7 year ! ! best salon in pittsburgh . ask for marissa . i promise you will not be disappointed . it is a clean , fun and relaxed environment . i highly recommend an appointment , and bring quarter . pay parking in the back of the building .
book with dessa . she fixed my ombre disaster that i had with an expensive downtown salon . she took her time with my hair and did not rush me and i did not stay for more than 3 hr there . i love my new sombre ( subtle ombre ) look for the summer . she listened to my want and told me what she wa doing while prepping and placing the color in my hair . my hair wa a project , but she wa easy going about it and made me feel comfortable . she even styled it at the end in wave just like how i do it usually with minimal product . i booked her through groupon and although there wa a $ 30 add-on to correct the color , it wa worth it .
i have been coming here for a few year for hair service , and they always do a great job , but this review is of their wedding service . we came here for my sister is wedding . book early , especially during wedding season ! they have a fancy private room where we could all be together and enjoy breakfast while getting beautiful . they planned well and had everyone is hair and makeup done in the estimated timeframe . but the most important part is that everyone looked gorgeous and wa very happy with their look . between the bride , bridesmaid , and mom , we had 9 lady , and they all had great thing to say . i wish they could do my hair and makeup everyday ! thanks to sergio is , it wa a good start to a flawless day . i highly recommend their team for any special event .
i had an ugly haircut . for $ 60 with the owner . trusted the review , but now look like a 70 rock star . no hair on the side and long on the back !
i had been searching for a stylist for year and never found one that i liked . i decided to try sergio is through a groupon offer and am i glad i did.. i have finally found my salon . i love my stylist emily roman . she take the time to make sure my style and color wa exactly what i wanted . i have been back several time with the same excellent result . i have never received so many compliment on both the style and color . i would highly recommend sergio is style - ask for emily ! you wont regret it.lyn k. mt . lebanon
i had previously written a positive review of karen at this salon , but now must change it a my most recent experience turned in to a nightmare . a few month back , after reading great review of her work , i went to her for a haircut . i wa very pleased , so i went back for highlight and a trim . this time around i am extremely upset . karen left the color on my hair way too long . and my request for a trimming of my end turned into very short layer in the front going back past my ear and long in the back . think carol brady of the brady bunch . she also thinned my hair out , which i absolutely hate because my hair is already very thin . now i have frizzy , uneven end that stick out at all different lenghts . there are also bleed mark of color noticeable in the hair line . the worst of it is the damage caused by being over processed . i have severe breakage everywhere especially at the top . i now have a ton of hair sticking up at the top of my head and my hair over all look frizzy and fried . it continues to break . i went and showed sergio the owner who laughed when he saw it saying it wa new hair growth , not breakage . even after i explained that it wa not like that until after my hair wa done at his salon he stuck to his gun . i would like to say that i am only disappointed by what is happened . but i am very upset . every girl know what it feel like to have a bad experience at the salon . now i have an appointment at another salon and have to pay more money to fix the color , which is very brassy , the highlight that bled and cut after already paying over $ 150 for the mess i am now left lift . i very much regret ever trying this salon .
such a great place ! i am new to the area and wa not sure where to go to get a good hair cut and highlight . i have short hair and am not always able to find a hairdresser that understands how to give me a stylish ( not boyish ) haircut . i saw dessa and she totally got it . she knew just how to give me the right cut and highlight combo that i absolutely love ! plus , everyone wa so super nice , it made me feel relaxed and right at home ( even in the midst of the renovation ) . i have definitely found my new favorite place !
purchased the groupon for color and cut . the stylist did a great job . would definitely return and recommend .
i made an appointment at sergios after hearing good thing from acquaintance . i made the appointment specifically to get extension cut into my hair . when i made an appointment the week before , the receptionist said they do not usually cut extension they do not put in but that , after asking someone at the salon they could for me . i made the appointment for 6pm . they called at 1:17 asking why i had not shown up for a 1 pm appointment . i told them it wa for 6 and they said they were sorry and were able to accommodate me at 6 . when i arrived , i wa seated quickly and greeted by a stylist . she said are you here for your cut and color ? i explained that no , i had made the appointment only to have extension cut in . she excused herself and spoke with the owner , sergio . when she returned a few minute later she explained that they would not be cutting my hair a they do not cut extension they do not put in and if i did not like the cut they will have to pay for more extension . i even offered to sign a liability waiver but they refused . so basically , i wasted time getting off work early to come to a salon that refused the service they scheduled me for . what a complete waste of time . if you do not do something make sure all your staff know that . it is a shame to get this bad review because you dont have the confidance i your staff to do a proper hair cut
what an absolutely amazing experience today ! i discovered this gem through groupon and i wa truly blown away . everyone from the initial greeting to brit c. stylist gave me the red carpet service . brit made amazing recommendation and i could not be happier ! sergio is is in a league of it own .
went there on saturday to get my hair cut . i wa getting a significant amount cut off and wa kind of nervous . but the staff wa really nice and very hospitable . karen cut my hair and she wa great . spent a lot of time going over the cut i wanted and making sure she understood what i wa looking for . at one point i got a little nervous about the way it wa turning out so she showed me how to style it . perfect . will definitely go back next time .
emily did an amazing job cutting my hair and really paying attention to detail and teaching me about my hair . even though i used a groupon i wa treated like a fully paying customer and she even spent extra time blowing out my thick hair . i will be going back for sure ! !
brit ha been giving me a great gradient , choppy bob . very modern , and fun style while she is bringing my hair back to healthy from being damaged . in just two visit my hair look and is so much healthier .
sergio and the lady get all the star . i love this place and have been a loyal client for year . sergio take great care of my hair , all the employee are fun and personable and provide a great client experience . my hair ha never looked better . they rock !
i have really long hair and went in to get some ombre highlight . however , i came out with a botched job . it looked like my hair wa dyed one brassy , lighter brown color ( with some subtle lighter tone ) from the eyebrow down , therefore looking like i got my hair dyed 5 month ago and my root were now growing in . i showed many picture of how i wanted it to look , but it actually ended up looking like one picture i showed her and said , `` this is not what i want my hair to look like '' with a reply from her like so , `` ew i would never do that to your hair ! '' i wa really unhappy with it and asked the stylist the next day to fix it but wa told that i wa wrong and that it would be at least another $ 85 , even though it wa her mistake . but : a week later , i called sergio ( like i should have in the first place ) , and explained the whole situation . he wa so helpful in explaining everything and offered to have it fixed free of charge ( like it should be ) . i wa set up with dessa this time , and she wa amazing ! she really listened to how i wanted it fixed while giving her professional opinion and ended up fixing my root to be the same color a the rest of the color , while toning out the brassiness . the color match perfectly , and i could not be happier . i am definitely going to go back to her for root maintenance . i initially would have rated this salon with 1 , maybe 2 star at best because i wa so unhappy with my hair/service from just one person , but i can not justify that after receiving great customer service from sergio , high quality treatment from the rest of the staff , and especially after this amazing job from dessa . i highly recommend going to her !
my wife had been going to see bri for a couple year and she always loved the job she did on her hair , both when she got it cut and when she got it colored . for some reason i continued to go the supercuts to get my hair cut even though the price wa not much difference . i finally decided to give bri a try at my wife is insistence and i am glad i did . bri doe a great job on my hair and i would recommend her if you are a guy in need of a great haircut . i should have started going to her a long time ago . obviously my wife highly recommends her too .
i have being going to sergio for 9 year , and i am embarrassed that i have not given him prop in all of this time . he is a thoughtful , talented stylist and business owner . he is committed to providing high quality service , and he ha always gone the extra mile to make sure everything t is exactly the way i want it to be . there are two thing that i really love about sergio is salon that i feel set him apart from other high-end salon : 1 . ) you get a quality service without all of the holier than thou attitude . nothing is more irritating than walking into a salon to find that you are being ignored by a 20 year-old botoxed klingon who think she is a big deal . 2 . ) sergio ha integrity . he make customer service a priority and really want everyone to enjoy their experience . make an appointment !
loved the service at sergio and style by bri ! she is the best ! my cut and color are always perfect .
i wa looking for a new salon and i tried to book an appointment with sergio . i wa told i need to leave my credit card number with them or a cash deposit . no where ever have i been asked to leave my payment information with a salon just to book an appointment . they told me it wa it wa because i wa booking with the owner . i have had appointment with salon owner and never had to leave payment info . they told me that if i did not show up for my appointment they would bill me 50 % of the service . why would you assume someone would not show up to an appointment right off the bat ? ? ? i could understand if i wa an existing unreliable client that you would require that . some of u are not from a ghetto and actually grew up with some tact and class and the ability to show up to an appointment and or reschedule if there is a conflict . ridiculousness ... i will take my business elsewhere .
i am new to the area a of last august had tried a few salon and wa not happy with my result . had my first appointment today with emily and am thrilled ! she discussed with me what i wa looking for and wa so easy to talk to . i have short dark hair with blonde highlight and i could not be happier with result . everyone at salon is friendly and professional . i have found my new salon ... and stylist ! thanks emily !
sergio did a good job . i wanted blond and now i am blond stuff is really friendly and helpful . i recommend
i wa here for an initial set of lash extension , having worn them for over a year prior . i know how to care for them and am willing to pay for the upkeep , a they make my life easier . i had a gifted groupon -- which i am always leery about the service you get with groupons -- but i figured this place had great review ( for hair , mostly ) and had good hour for my work schedule . my appointment about 2 week from my call and i showed up 10 minute early for an appointment on the hour . we got started about 10 minute after the hour , no biggie . i thought the appointment finished very quickly , though i wa not sure if i will fallen asleep after such a long silence and a very warm room . i wa deposited at the counter after being told to come back in 4 week ( though she told me , `` i usually tell my client to come back in 3 week , but you can come back in 4 ) . my understanding of an initial natural lash application take about 1.5-2 hour , and i did not see anything in sergio is description that made me think differently . i wa done in about 50 minute , which i am certain of this based on when i silenced an incoming call at the start of the appt to when i sent a text after getting back to my car . within 2-2.5 week , all the lash had fallen off , without my lash attached . no oil-based cleanser , no water for the first 24-48 hour , and i avoid getting shampoo in my eye when i wash my hair . i called an let them know and they were super responsive . the person who did my lash wa no longer there , and the woman who replaced her wa great . they gave me another initial set in the place of my 3-4 week fill that wa included in my groupon . i wa asked what i wa going for , and i answered `` natural..maybe a little more volume , but not over the top '' . this application took 1.5 hour and it passed quickly . when i saw them , i wa a bit surprised , because they were ... ..too much for me , much more than i have had in the past . i mentioned it to her that it wa a little much , and she assured me it wa a natural set . i wa a little leery , but thought that since it wa a change , i needed to adjust to it . unfortunately , that did not happen . my husband , who always try to make me feel good , gave me honest feedback that they looked unlike any lash i have ever had ... and that it wa not a good look . that wa supported by numerous other comment throughout the next day at work . within 24 hour , i had them removed ( not at sergio is ) because they were not felt to be `` professional looking '' . i do not really fault sergio is , a i should have not left there a hesitant a i wa , knowing i have never had such obvious extension before . that , and i wa already tired after a long work day and wanted to be home . i do appreciate that they were super responsive when i had the initial problem , and would tell others to make sure to speak up . i am sure if i called and let them know , they would do whatever wa in their power to fix it , but , at this point , my lash are much shorter and sparser before i had gone in , so i think i am going to cool it on the extension .
sushi three is located in a strip of shop on beverly road , alongside a coffee shop , florist , several bank , and two pizza place . this and little tokyo are , to my knowledge , the only sushi restaurant in mt . lebanon.sushi three ha an extensive menu that seems to have expanded since the last time i visited , and ha lot more than just sushi . there is a long list of appetizer , tempura and teriyaki dish , and some chinese offering . the main focus , the sushi , take up a large portion of the menu , and there are many different roll , ranging from the basic kappa roll to the complex southside roll ( shrimp , smoked eel , fish flake , cucumber , spinach , mushroom , egg and caviar ) . a a vegetarian , i appreciate the vegetable sushi platter , which i have never seen anywhere else and only cost $ 12 . there is even a separate vegetarian menu.while i do appreciate the wide-ranging menu , i just can not like the atmosphere . it is always very quiet and dark inside , and i always get the feeling of being in a cave . i prefer to get take-out or delivery.overall , i prefer little tokyo , but with sushi three is improved menu and large number of vegetarian option , my rating may change soon .
i just got lunch from here today . for $ 9.63 , i got soup , salad , vegetable tempura , 6 avocado roll , steamed rice , and pickle . it wa a ton of food and more than filling enough - i did not even eat the salad and i wa stuffed . i will agree that the wasabi wa pretty weak - i added ton of it and it added almost no spice or flavor . even though it wa a bit pricier than i wa expecting ( my menu wa outdated and said the lunch would be $ 6.95 . oops . ) , it wa also very filling and worth it for a once-in-a-while treat .
freshly prepaired , made to order sushi . more variety than you can shake a stick at !
sushi selection limited ... miso soup tasted a little fishy .
sushi wa dry and unenjoyable . the place itself is clean and the decor wa minimal . i wa not a fan and probably will not be back .
just moved to the area , so i wa looking for a good sushi place . this is a nice little joint . it is very intimate , but they would have no problem seating a large party . when my bf and i arrived we were the only ppl there ( it wa memorial day , so sushi is not too high up ppls list for dinner ) we ordered the spicy edamame and 4 roll . everything wa reasonably priced , and very good . staff wa friendly ! will definitely be back !
they delivered to u recently , and i wa not ecstatic over the shrimp fantasy i had . the sushi wa decent . most of everything else wa bland and average . i do not know if eating at the restaurant would have made a difference or not . the delivery did come on time , though . nothing special in my book .
i had lunch here this past week and got the sushi lunch special . i wa surprised to see that there were only two other table . the restaurant wa dark and provided little in the way of ambiance . for $ 10 , the sushi lunch special included salad , miso soup , 5 piece of sushi along with a salmon roll and green tea . a far a how much you got for the money , it wa a good deal . on the negative side , the sushi wa quite average , both in term of taste and freshness . little tokyo , which is located on washington rd . in mt lebanon ( about 5 minute away ) ha higher quality sushi , although it is a little bit pricier . if you are looking for good sushi , it is worth the extra five minute drive .
this wa my second visit and ala , my last . our first visit wa at lunch and it wa just ok. we were not blown away nor were we impressed . but i will always opt to support a local mom & pop shop if all thing are equal . this last visit wa the pits.it wa 5:30pm on a saturday night . we were one of two table . this is usually an indication of something fishy ( excuse the pun . ) appetizer wa edamame . it wa overcooked and left uneaten . i am not the adventurous sushi order-er ; i had california roll and spicy tuna . the tuna roll were mostly spicy sauce then fish , very mayonnaise-y and unsatisfying . a for my can roll , the avocado wa all brown ! not just the part on the top ( because i checked ! ) all the way through . when i brought it to the staff is attention her response wa `` oh , yea . avocado is like banana . they get brown very easily and we cut that yesterday . '' what ? ! ? they did bring me another batch ( that wa part brown , part green ) but it wa too late . this wa my first sushi restaurant ever that we left half the roll on the plate uneaten . since we were all still hungry , my daughter picked up the table tent listing all the dessert . yuck ! filthy . not wiped down in a long while or perhaps ever . when i set it back is when i noticed the wall also needed a good wipe down . needle to say , we skipped dessert . our first visit deserved a 2.5 but this visit wa a 1 .
i am a huge fan of sushi three . they live within walking distance of my home , so it is no problem getting here and the temptation for sushi is always in the back of my mind ! admittedly , the price of the food here tends to keep my craving in check for a couple month at a time , but when i do come here , i enjoy every bite . occasionally i also order take-out since they have very reasonable lunch deal , but really , i prefer to sit and eat at the restaurant itself.speaking of : the place itself is very quiet , which i actually like ; i can just sit , talk with a friend or read a book , and then ( what a radical concept ) enjoy my food in peace . this is a big deal for me because the other place i know of where i can get sushi are loud , busy , and quite frankly , a little limiting options-wise compared to sushi three is menu . if i want sushi , i either come here or i get a small pack at giant eagle . that is how much i dislike eating in the other sushi place i have visited in pittsburgh to date ( although with more and more place opening this opinion may change soon ! ) . if i am going to pay a much a i do for my fish , i want to be in a place i can sit and actually enjoy my food.by the way , sushi three doe serve thing other than sushi , so people looking for some japanese food that is not rice and fish are definitely going to find something . there is some really delicious beef , chicken and pork dish ( one family member of mine absolutely adores their pork katsudon ) . but of course , a place with the word `` sushi '' in it name is going to specialize in sushi , and there are page and page of sushi option available here . the order come in various style and size a well , so couple can get something to share or just get something smaller for themselves . the combo all come with soup and salad , which are also very yummy . my personal routine order a of today is a large salad and an order of softshell crab roll . sure , i will occasionally snag a bite from someone here with me , but the truth is that sushi three make such enormous order that i need to be reeeally hungry to eat all of any other order i make . but hey , at least you get your money is worth ! i say definitely give this place a shot if you are a sushi fan .
great little neighborhood place . food is good , service is great . try the tofu salad appetizer .
i go there a a tradition with my best friend when she come home and it is one of my favorite place . the resteraunt is quiet and low lit so it is very relaxing . service is quick and friendly . the lunch special are amazing deal and there is enough variety there that i never get bored with the choice . their tempura is the best i have ever had , and the rest of their food is just a amazing . their ginger dressing make me want to drink it straight . even thinking about it ha set me drooling !
delicious sushi ! watched it be prepared in front of u and the entire place is super clean . friendly staff . highly recommend stopping here !
had lunch with my wife . the quality of the sushi wa quite good . my wife had some tempura that wa fabulous . service wa friendly and quick . we really enjoyed our lunch . we will be back .
this place ha restored my faith in delivery sushi . for the longest time i could only eat it fresh ( not delivery ) , but this is the second place ever i have found that i thoroughly enjoyed the sashimi appetizer , takosu , flower roll , and a spicy tuna roll with no asparagus . of the two place ever , this is my new number one . the spicy tuna roll and and sashimi app were my favorite ! the hubby got yellowtail fish jowl , and fried rice ... also very good . delivery wa on point and even the call to put in the order wa smooth and easy .
sushi three is my favorite sushi restaurant in pittsburgh . their food is always excellent . i have only eaten in the restaurant a couple time , i usually order take out . the vegetable spring roll are delicious . they are crispy , not greasy & the dipping sauce they come with is so good ! it taste like a wasabi mustard combination . cold sesame noodle are good . my favorite makisushi is the spicy salmon tempura roll , they fry the outer shell of the sushi so it is crispy & it is lightly topped with sauce . the shadyside roll which is smoked salmon , cream cheese & avocado , any of the vegetable tempura roll which is a choice of yam , broccoli , asparagus or zucchini & the fresh salmon roll are all great choice . you can not go wrong with sushi three . if you are a fan of sushi they are a must try !
way overpriced and the roll are incredibly small . i wa not impressed with the sushi either . if you are looking for sushi , katana , only about a mile away , is way better . i would not recommend this place . if you are in the neighborhood , bados right next door or io cafe across the street are a much better choice .
good sushi and nice staff . if you eat at the restaurant it is always completely dead inside -- which can be nice if you want some privacy , or bad if you do not want the staff to hear your conversation .
i have been coming to sushi 3 since high school and it is always been a local go-to for good sushi . the quality of the food and service have always been consistent every time i have stopped in . i have tried a number of their roll and none have disappointed . the pricing seems to be pretty average a far a sushi go . the space is pretty small with maybe five booth and a few seat at the sushi bar . but it seems that this place get a lot of takeout order because every time i am in , there are plenty of people coming and going . personally , i like dining in because it is so quiet and peaceful . in addition to fresh and flavorful sushi , the service is always fast . they usually have our food out to u in no time at all.unfortunately i do not live nearby anymore so i do not get to stop in quite a often . but when i am in the mood for sushi in the south hill area , sushi 3 is my top choice .
well , finally tried the place with the green door and high step ! always seem to be people going in and out . heard from one of my kid it wa just ok , cause he had take out once with some buddy . well , we ventured in and ordered a few thing so we could share . general ts0 is chicken wa to be crisp and ouch spicy ... well , the outer crust wa crisp , chicken wa hard..hard to chew , tasteless and somewhat sweet sauce ? ? ? the shrimp lo mein wa ok but the shrimp wa overcooked . the moo shu pork wa forgettable .
green garden is not , by any mean , the pinnacle of chinese food . it is , however , a suitable meal for reasonable prices.the staff is very friendly and casual . after so many year of eating there , they know my family and it is nice to remembered after having spent so much money there.our regular dish of fried dumpling , chicken and broccoli , etc . are all well done standard of chinese takeout . it may not be spectacular but it get the job done.when push come to shove , green garden is an acceptable restaurant with great service . i will always be a regular ( save something horrendous happens with one of our meal , but is ha not happened yet ) .
yeah , do not order from here , unless it is for dumpling . since they arev fast and the potstickers are really good . everything else we had sucked . shrimp and scallop with garlic wa bland a hell . the beef on a stick wa liked eating a marinated shoe with a skewer in it . yuk .
not the best i have had ... .but better than most in the area for the price . dumpling were huge ! rice is good and breading on chicken wa crispy ! ... something that seems to elude most cheap/fast chinese place in greentree/scott/mt lebanon . good egg roll . hard to beat for the price.i will be back to order the massive dumpling again and again.on second thought , the best i have had in the month living in pittsburgh . will try others , but to date stand above the rest
ordered general tso is shrimp , kung pao chicken , soup and egg roll . price wa slightly higher and portion maybe slightly smaller than similar store , but food quality wa certainly in line with food of this type . the only notable ding i would give is the spicing . both of our dish are supposed to have a bit of spice flavor , and they are noted on the menu a spicy dish , but there wa a notable absence of spice . there were not even chili in the kung pao sauce . it is like someone forgot to spice the dish .
i wa in the mood for some chinese and really wanted to try red tea house because i have heard really great thing about it but they have strange delivery time and i wa unable to pick the food up myself ... so i opted for green garden instead.i sampled vegetable egg foo young , hot & sour soup and bean curd with mixed vegetable . i received three generous eggy vegetable pancake which had potential but unfortunately , they were left in the frier a little too long and soaked in a lot of excess grease . i think the accompanying sauce is actually beef gravy and bland ( the great thing about eating at home is the opportunity to improvise ... i whipped up a quick peanut sauce that went great with the egg foo young ) the hot and sour soup wa decent , they use fresh mushroom and the broth is a nice consistency ( i.e . not too thick ) . the bean curd and veggie were nothing fancy , the veggie held some crunch and the curd had a palatable texture but wa drowning in brown sauce . the food wa piping hot and delivered fast .
i just got delivery from here . i got steamed dumpling and the lunch special lo mein that came with a side of fried rice and wonton soup . i saw a lot of review on how good the dumpling were . i wa not impressed . the `` noodle '' part wa really thick . i only took 1 bite and did not want anymore . the wonton soup i have to say though wa very good . the chicken lo mein and fried rice were okay . nothing special . the price wa fair and the delivery driver wa nice . i probably will not order here again though .
went in and picked up chinese food and i wa in a mood for it once .i picked it up i noticed that there wa no green onion in the won ton soup .how could you not have green onion , that is what give it flavor . fried noodle were okay . let is be honest if you never tried fried noodle , you will not know . fried noodle and duck sauce ok. white rice you can not really screwed up . where is the fortune cookie man no fortune cookie how could you serve chinese food without fortune cookie .
horrible food . it is hard to get a good chinese restaurant around pittsburgh . i would not recommend to my dog
hate to give a middling review , but when i ordered from here i felt like the food wa all over the place . i have had much better `` fast food '' style chinese food in more rural area , so i felt disappointed by the lackluster performance of the meal.the good : the fried dumpling were amazing and while the wonton soup wa strangely missing it green onion , it wa still tasty . actually , i am thinking of always having my dumpling fried from now on like potstickers , because it really made my night.the bad : i ordered the classic general tso is to get a good range of what they offered and moo goo gai pan , which is chicken and veggie in a white sauce ( one of my favorite chinese dish ) . the food wa ... just ok . the general tso is sauce wa a bit too red in color but it wa crispy like it should be and it tasted fine . the white sauce dish wa sort of ... off . i can not even explain it , but a couple of bite in i started hating the taste . the veggie were cooked well , but the chicken wa not of a very high quality and my taste bud got turned off by the whole dish . these are classic dish and if you can not get them right that worry me . my meal started going downhill around there.the ugly : i ordered both fried and steamed rice ( again to get a good sampling ) , and the fried rice wa bad . it wa too brown , not really fried ( just limp ) , and very sparse with a few carrot and pea and no scrambled egg bit ( not de rigueur for delivery chinese but i do love when fried rice ha that in it ) . i am not sure what happened - did they use new rice , or wet rice , or cooked it too long ? whatever it wa , it wa horrible . i might try to refry it tomorrow , but if it is still bad i will probably just have to pitch it . the price for all of this wa about the same for what i have paid for chinese meal at restaurant and delivery place that i consider to be a little more `` upscale . '' so i did not think i wa saving any money , and i wa getting le quality for my trouble . there are several asian place in the area that make great food , so i do not feel like i need to limit myself to this one .
